


Chapter 1


After her parents were divorced, Amy Winslow just naturally expected 
that it wouldn't be long before her mother started dating again. But it 
had never happened and it was three years later now.

"I just can't understand it," Amy said to herself when she thought 
about it. "Mom's real nice looking. Looks almost young enough to be my 
own sister. A lot of guys should want to take her out."

It was late. Amy was sitting up in bed after finishing a book that 
reminded her of her mother.

"I mean, Uncle Thad's a nice guy and all, but why Mom spends so much 
time with her own brother rather than going out with other men beats 
me," Amy sighed. "Even if she doesn't want to get married again, I 
wouldn't blame her if she went to bed with somebody once in a while. 
She must need sex."

Amy's mother was out with Thad again tonight. They were always doing 
that, especially since they'd both gotten divorced around the same 
time. Out to dinner, concerts, shows, four or five times a month they 
were off together.

"Same goes for Uncle Thad as for Mom," Amy reasoned. "I've seen the way 
women look at him. He could have his pick. So why is he spending all 
his time with his own sister? I can't figure it out!"

Oh, well, Amy decided, it was really none of her business. And she had 
to admit that since the divorce her mom had seemed a whole lot happier.

"Besides, I've got my own problems," Amy then sighed. "A senior in high 
school and I'm still a virgin. Doesn't look like I'll ever find the 
right boy to take my cherry."

She yearned for her first cuntful of cock, but Amy still wasn't 
desperate enough to just spread her legs for anybody. How long she'd be 
able to hold out, though, she couldn't be sure. Sometimes she was 
tempted to just go up to the first guy she saw on the street and 
proposition him. In the meantime, however ...

"Mmmmm, that feels so good," she moaned, reaching down under the covers 
to rub her horny pussy. "Until I get brave enough to go after the real 
thing, I'll just have to keep on finger-fucking myself."

Amy always used three fingers inside her cunt. Together they were just 
about the size of a cock, she imagined. Anyway, after enough pumping 
they always did the job for her.

"Ooooh," she murmured, coming. "That's the way it's supposed to be!"

And after coming once, she always craved more. Usually Amy would keep 
finger-fucking herself through at least three climaxes, until the pussy 
juice was running down her arm. Tonight, though, after her initial 
orgasm, something else caught her attention.

"It's Mom!" Amy whispered when she heard the sexy giggling after the 
front door had opened and closed. "And it sure doesn't sound like she's 
with Uncle Thad this time."

"C'mon over here ... to the couch with me," Amy heard to her mother 
lilt to someone.

"Kids are asleep, so we can do it right here if we don't make too much 
noise."

"Gee, Mom must be with somebody who really turns her on," Amy noted 
with excitement. "Must've lied about meeting Uncle Thad tonight so she 
could keep whoever she's fooling around with a secret from us kids. 
Maybe she even went out and just picked somebody up."

Whatever the story was, Amy was as happy for her mother as a daughter 
could be. "Just wish I could watch," Amy admitted. "I'd love to watch 
Mom get fucked."

Saying it out loud made Amy's own cunt spasm as she thought of her 
mother's being filled by a big, hard cock. The next thing she knew, Amy 
was out of bed and edging across her room toward the hallway to 
eavesdrop.

Then Amy left her bedroom and tip-toed down the hallway. At the end of 
it, she peeked around the corner, holding her breath. She was 
immediately hypnotized by what she saw.

Her mother was sitting on the couch and a man sat next to her. Only the 
lamp on her mother's side was on, so Amy couldn't see the man's face 
from where she stood. But she could see his hand moving into the light, 
reaching in her mother's blouse.

"I love it when you feel my titties," Julia Winslow murmured. "Feel me 
up. First my titties, and then ... oh, yes, down there."

The man's other hand had now slipped beneath Julia's skirt. She spread 
her thighs so her pussy could be rubbed, too.

"Oh, now kiss me, kiss me," Julia murmured. "Kiss me with a whole lot 
of tongue."

The man's head moved briefly into the light, but before Amy was able to 
see his face he'd turned toward her mother so their eager mouths could 
meet. Amy listened to the slurping from their French kiss and, here, 
could draw from her own experience, recalling the times she'd let boys 
so the same thing to her.

"Now I'm ready for your mouth somewhere even better," Julia Winslow 
teased.

"Show me," he teased back, his voice hoarse with desire.

"As if you didn't know!" Julia chuckled.

Then she pulled her skirt all the way up over her hips. Mr. X gave her 
room so she could remove her panties, which were so damp they peeled 
off like an extra layer of skin. Julia then stripped from the waist 
down.

She had a very hairy cunt, which now bristled in all its glory. The man 
abruptly went to his knees, his face moving between Julia's legs before 
her daughter could see what he looked like. But Amy didn't mind not 
knowing who he was as long as she was treated to the sight of her 
mother getting her pussy eaten.

"Oh, suck it, suck it," Amy whispered to her mother's feasting lover. 
"Make my mom's beautiful cunt come in your mouth."

Amy's wish was granted very quickly.

"Hope you're thirsty for my pussy juice, cause there's plenty of it!" 
Julia swooned.

Julia ground her hairy crotch against the man's face while the sound of 
his gulping response to her wet climax carried all the way across the 
room to Amy. Then, even from his distance, Amy could see the pussy 
juice he didn't swallow drooling from the point of his chin.

"Gee," Amy noted, "It's just like a kiss. A French kiss. Except he's 
doing it to her cunt. He has his tongue in Mom's cunt so she comes in 
his mouth."

As Amy thought about how being on the receiving end of such an act must 
feel, her own cunt became very impatient for its own contact with a 
male tongue. But all it could hope for now were its owner's fingers. 
Amy then began fingering herself as though her pussy would cry out in 
protest if something wasn't immediately done on its behalf.

Once she'd started between her own legs Amy was too aroused to stop 
until she'd made herself come. Closing her eyes, she edged all the way 
back into the hallway and rocked on the balls of her feet while the 
orgasmic tide welled in her rolling loins.

"Yes, that's better," she murmured after the climax had run its course.

It had been a very wet one. And now, removing her sticky fingers from 
her temporarily satisfied pussy, Amy automatically brought them to her 
mouth and tasted them.

"Bet," she slurped, "there's not anything any sweeter than a cunt 
that's just come. Just wish I had the right guy like Mom does now so he 
could lick up my sweet cum, too."

Then, after her pussy-break, Amy peeked around the corner again. During 
her brief absence, the action on the couch had moved on to the next 
stage. Amy still couldn't see what her mother's lover looked like, but 
right now she was a lot more interested in something other than his 
face--his big, hard, jutting cock.

His head turned away from Amy, his pants were down and he'd straddled 
her reclining mother, who'd opened her blouse. Amy's mother wore no bra 
and she had that big, hard cock between her bare tits. Then she 
squeezed her large tits around it so the cock fucked them, while, at 
the same time, she flicked out with her tongue and licked at the 
swollen prick head when it rhythmically surged toward her mouth.

"God, what I'd give to have somebody do that to me!" Amy sighed, 
stroking her own tits through the thin nightie she wore.

Amy might have still been a virgin, but she was enough in touch with 
her body to know that when anything sexy happened to her budding, young 
tits, it went straight to her cunt. Tonight was no exception. She was 
quickly on the verge of climaxing all over again and then she heard her 
mother moan that she was in the same condition.

"Oh, Mom, let's come together this time," Amy panted.

It happened just that way. As Amy's orgasm hit her, her mother also 
experienced one. Of course, the difference was that Julia Winslow could 
moan with joy, while her daughter had to avoid even the slightest 
expression of pleasure. The last thing she wanted to do was tip off her 
presence.

So, once again, Amy was forced to withdraw back into the hallway. There 
she bit her lip until the bubbling joy within her was safely stifled. 
"If I'm gonna keep watching Mom, I'll just have to keep my hands off 
myself," she warned herself.

So, balling her fists as a reminder of the will-power she needed, Amy 
returned for another look at the fucking action in the living room. As 
had happened before, she saw that while she'd been gone things had 
heated up even more.

Now Amy's mother was completely nude and so was the man. Stretched out 
on the couch, Julia Winslow was still straddled by her lover. But now 
he was higher up on her body. His cock was in her mouth and Amy could 
hear her sucking it.

"Oh, my God! Mom's giving him a blow-job!" Amy buzzed, well aware of 
the term, although she'd never personally tried it herself. "It's like 
her mouth is her cunt and he's fucking it with his cock."

Having already seen her mother come in the man's mouth, Amy now looked 
forward to seeing it the other way around. It didn't seem like it was 
going to take very long from the way the blow-job was going.

Even her inexperienced daughter could tell that Julia Winslow was an 
expert cock-sucker. While she slurped on her lover's prick, she also 
squeezed his balls and finger-fucked his asshole. He was grinding away 
above her, making groaning sounds, his load of cum getting ready to 
shoot.

Will Mom swallow it? Amy wondered, hungrily licking her lips. "Mmmmmm, 
I know I would if I were sucking that big, beautiful cock!"

Then the man fucking Julia Winslow's mouth grunted like an animal. His 
crotch bucked and in response, Julia's suction changed to thirsty 
gulping. Her eavesdropping daughter knew for sure what that meant."

"Yes, he's coming in her mouth and Mom's drinking every drop of it," 
Amy excitedly whispered. "Must be sweet, too, the way she's putting it 
down."

As she watched with envy, Amy could have kicked herself for all the 
boys she'd turned down. She could have sucked at least a dozen cocks if 
she hadn't been so uptight about trying to find her so-called Mr. 
Right. Well, she vowed, from now on she wouldn't be so picky.

Then Julia Winslow had finished. Her lover's drained prick left her 
fucked mouth, some stray jizz trickling from the corners of her sticky 
grin. Never had Amy Winslow seen her mother look so beautiful.

"I want to be just like Mom," Amy murmured. "Suck a cock just like she 
does. Suck a cock so it shoots in my mouth and I can drink all the 
cum."

Amy's focus on giving head, however, was about to shift. For her mother 
would now give her an example to follow which would involve even higher 
stakes.

"Oh, stud," Julia Winslow told her lover, "after that blow-job you've 
got me so hot that you've got to put me all the way out of my misery. 
Got to keep your cock hard, fill my horny cunt to your balls, and fuck 
me, fuck me, fuck me?"

Her man hoarsely chuckled. "Then show me the way."

Julia now became a centerfold come to life for him as he temporarily 
backed off to see all that she had to offer. One of her long legs was 
hooked over the backrest of the couch while the other one dangled to 
the floor. Between her wide-open thighs her pussy yawned invitingly, so 
red, so juicy, so ripe for fucking.

"Any man who can't get it up for that kind of cunt," Julia's lover 
said, "ought to just turn in his cock at the door."

And hearing him from afar, Amy flinched. Before he'd always been 
rasping or panting, his voice too hoarse or breathless for Amy to 
recognize. But now there was something eerily familiar about it.

"No ... it couldn't be," Amy muttered, trying to keep herself from 
jumping to conclusions. "If only I could see his face!"

So far her mother's lover had always been in the shadows or turned away 
so that Amy couldn't tell what he looked like. Now, though, seeing who 
he was became a burning issue.

"Just have to take the chance," Amy told herself.

And there, as if on cue, was the best way to do it, rubbing against her 
leg. The family cat! Coaxing the animal back into the hallway, Amy 
stooped down and began to pet her. The cat purred, happily lifting her 
tail up in the air. And that's when Amy abruptly pulled it, sending the 
surprised cat screeching straight into the living room.

Startled, Amy's mother and her lover turned toward the commotion. Then, 
seizing her opportunity, Amy saw the face that would change her life.

"Uncle Thad!" Amy gasped, reeling halfway down the hallway as if she'd 
been struck. "Mom fucks her ... own ... brother!"

So that's why they were always together, not going out on normal dates 
with other people. They'd been lovers all along. And how, Amy wondered, 
would she now be able to behave normally around her incestuous mother 
since she knew such a forbidden secret?

"If only I'd minded my own business in the first place," Amy choked. 
"What I didn't know didn't hurt me."

But, of course, there was no turning back from the truth. And now its 
spell lured Amy back around the corner as though she were a moth drawn 
uncontrollably toward a flame.

"Oh, my bad, little pussy, scaring mama like that," Julia Winslow 
affectionately scolded the confused cat. "And what you did to poor 
Thad. He turned white as a ghost--even lost his hard-on! Go over and 
rub against his leg, pussy, to show him you're sorry."

"Uh, don't think that's the kinda pussy I'm interested in," brother 
joked. "I might've lost that hard-on, but I'm getting it back real 
fast."

"In that case," Julia giggled, "it looks like this other pussy will 
just have to go catch herself a mouse or something while we pick up 
where we left off."

And as the cat was shooed away, running back past her down the halfway, 
Amy couldn't stop watching. She wanted to see her mother and uncle 
actually fuck. As if they were purposely putting on a show for her, 
they were now poised to begin.

Thad was standing there, his jutting cock hardened to full strength 
once more. Amy's mother had resumed her spread-legged pose, her damp 
cunt so ready to be fucked that even from across the room Amy could see 
it glistening in the soft glow of a single lamp.

"Every time I see Mom's cunt she's more beautiful," Amy said, 
breathless with anticipation.

"Well, Julia," brother said to sister, "here we go again. Gets better 
every time."

Then he lowered himself between her yawning thighs. Julia took his cock 
and slipped it into her welcoming pussy. Then, wrapping her legs around 
Thad to lock him on top of her so the friction took hold, she climaxed 
within seconds.

"Mmmmmm, you know me, Thad," Julia swooned. "I not only come fast, I 
keep coming. Don't wanna stop until after you've come too. So you know 
what I need you to do to me along with fucking me."

"You got it, Sis."

Thad now lowered his face to his sister's tits. Julia pushed them 
together for him so he could get both nipples into his mouth at the 
same time ... "That's got me coming twice as hard now. Always, mmmmm, 
does," Julia moaned. "But that doesn't keep me from wanting even more, 
Brother Dear. How about making me come triple-hard? You know how."

Thad automatically reacted according to Julia's needs. His right hand 
slipped under her squirming ass and he rubbed in the split between the 
plump cheeks.

"Don't tease me, damn you!" Julia panted. "Do it to me right away. 
Finger-fuck my asshole!"

Thad's wrist jerked. His sister's hips lurched and a satisfied grin 
spread across her face. "Oooooh, that's it!" Julia bubbled. "My 
favorite stud's finger up my butt, his mouth sucking my titties and his 
hung cock fucking my cunt. What else could a horny bitch like me need 
to keep coming as much as she can?"

It was, indeed, a classic example of how a woman gets the most from a 
man. And looking on in awe was Amy, receiving the kind of education 
from her mother's horny performance that made all her previous 
knowledge about sex before tonight seem as boring as an algebra class.

There was only one problem for Amy. After what her mother was showing 
her, there was no way she'd be able to resist trying it out for 
herself.

"Like mother like daughter," Amy sighed.

She didn't know yet who she'd pick to take her cherry, but, whoever he 
might turn out to be, she was determined she'd give him a piece of ass 
he'd never forget. In the meantime, though, Amy looked toward her 
mother for a few final tips on getting expertly fucked.

"Oh, Thad," Julia Winslow urged her brother, "come in me right away! 
Fill my fucked pussy with so much hot jizz from your cock that I can't 
stand how good it burns!"

"You always know when it's time for me, don't you, Sis?" Thad slurped 
at her tits.

"Got any complaints, stud?" Julia teased.

"More like, do I have any choice?" Thad rasped.

"Hell, no!" Julia declared. "So what're you waiting for, stud? Come, 
come for me now! That's an order!"

"Same as always, Sis," Thad gusted. "You're the boss! I'm coming!"

His crotch bucked between Julia's thighs as she pushed up from the bed. 
Then, as though their loins were welded together, brother and sister 
held that position while his buried cock swamped her pussy's depths 
with gushing jizz.

The deliriously happy expressions on the faces of her mother and uncle 
something to behold, Amy decided that this was how she'd leave them, at 
the peak of their passion. So she slipped away, going back to her room 
and a sleepless night of making plans to put those same expressions on 
the faces of herself and some lucky boy.



Chapter 2


The more she thought about following in her mother's footsteps, the 
more Amy's mind kept tripping over the boy who increasingly seemed the 
logical choice to fuck her. Finally it boiled down to one question.

"Why not?" Amy asked herself.

Yes, she reasoned, if her mother could do it, then she could too. It 
just made too much sense not to keep it all in the family.

"He's mine. Mine, all mine," Amy said confidently, definite she could 
steer her Mr. Right straight into her pants once she started working 
her new supply of magic on him.

It was dawn when she'd reached this unshakable conclusion. And so, to 
celebrate the fate she'd determined for herself, she finally dropped 
off for a hour or so of sleep. But it wasn't rest Amy was after and, 
when the alarm went off for school, she woke up coming.

*   *   *

Stevie Winslow dragged into the house, his book-bag feeling like it 
weighed a ton. Or maybe it was just the whole world seeming to be on 
his narrow shoulders. He was down, really down. And as is so often the 
case for a boy his age, a girl who looked like an angel but turned out 
to be a bitch was the reason.

"She didn't have to laugh at me when I asked for a date," Stevie 
recalled, feeling totally rejected.

He should've known better, he guessed. No chick who was really sharp 
would want to have anything to do with him. They all thought he was a 
wimp, and when he was as down on himself as this he really couldn't 
blame them. Skinny, short, freckle-faced and needing glasses to see 
anything, Stevie Winslow knew full well that he looked like everybody's 
kid brother instead of the stud he wanted to be.

"Damn, I hate myself sometimes," he sputtered, recklessly flinging his 
glasses away as a symbol of his frustration.

Almost immediately Stevie regretted his rash action. For without his 
glasses he was practically blind, and now he had to stumble around to 
try and find them. He could be here all afternoon crawling around on 
his hands and knees.

"Looking for something?" Amy then called from the hall.

"My glasses, Sis," Stevie said. "Sure glad you turned out to be here. 
My glasses, uh, fell off ... when I, uh, tripped."

"Oh, and I thought you lost your temper because of Sandi Bacon," Amy 
chuckled, naming the girl who'd dumped on Stevie at school.

"Okay, Sis, so what about it?" Stevie grumbled. "Just help me find my 
glasses, that's all."

"I already picked them up," Amy revealed. "You threw them so far I 
could've caught them out of the air if I'd gotten here a little 
quicker. Quite an arm you've got on you there, kiddo."

"Just hand 'em over, Sis."

"Not unless you're ready to make a trade. I want a little information," 
Amy said. "About Sandi Bacon and you."

"I'd rather go blind!"

"Aw, c'mon! It'll make you feel better to talk about it," Amy replied, 
her tone turning soothingly sincere. "Promise that I won't make fun of 
you. There's just a few things I'd like to know, that's all. Strictly 
between the two of us."

Reluctantly, Stevie agreed to go along, groping his way to the nearest 
chair. He was so helpless without his glasses that his sister was 
nothing more than a blur.

"All right, Sis, let's get this crap over with so I can see again," he 
said impatiently, speaking in her general direction. "What do you wanna 
know about that damned Sandi Bacon and me?"

Her voice as soft as her question was blunt, Amy asked, "Does she turn 
you on, Stevie?

"I--I thought you weren't going to make fun of me!" he stammered.

"I'm not making fun, I'm serious," Amy evenly said. "Has she ever given 
you a hard-on?"

Stevie was now stunned speechless.

"Would you," Amy calmly continued, "like to fuck her?

The truth was, of course, that Stevie was aching to fuck just about 
anybody who'd put out for him. Just as the truth was that so far this 
had never been even close to happening. But telling this to his own 
sister was something couldn't imagine doing.

Amy, however, had no problem reading his mind. "You're still cherry, 
aren't you, Stevie?"

Even without his glasses, Stevie thought he could see the red glow from 
his blushing face reflecting into his blinking eyes. Then he heard his 
sister's footsteps moving closer to him, like she was cornering him.

But Amy's tone was genuinely sympathetic. "Sorry you struck out with 
Sandi, Stevie, but you're not the only one. She's just a prick-teaser 
at best. A date with her would have been worse than being turned down 
because she'd have left you so frustrated. No, if you want to lose your 
cherry you'll have to find somebody else."

Then Amy paused, as Stevie started to squirm. He wouldn't have believed 
it of his own sister, but the things she was saying were starting to 
make the blood that had reddened his face start flowing directly to his 
twitching crotch.

"Maybe I can help you," Amy purred.

Somehow recovering his voice, Stevie gulped, "H--help me do what, Sis?"

"What else?" he was told with no nonsense. "Get laid."

"B--by who?" he gasped.

"Would it make that much difference?" Amy asked somewhere in front of 
him. "As long as she was pretty and nice? And just as horny for you as 
you are for her?"

What his sister was talking about at this point was Stevie's most 
desperate fantasy. A girl who was pretty, nice and horny for him--how 
many times had he jacked off imagining that she was out there 
somewhere, waiting for him to fuck her and fuck her?

"Th--this is killing me, Sis," Stevie blurted out.

"I know a girl just like that," Amy persisted. "I'll bet if I described 
her to you that your cock'd get as hard as it's ever been."

Stevie had nothing to lose. His cock was already like throbbing steel.

"Okay, tell me about her, Sis," he panted, on the edge of his chair.

"Well, the girl I have in mind," Amy said, "let's see, she's about five 
feet six. Weighs a hundred and ten pounds. She has blonde hair--uh, all 
over, if you know what I mean. And her tits aren't that big, but 
they're real nice."

"Wh--what else?" Stevie asked, eager for more information now. "What's 
her name?"

"I'll just give you her initials," Amy went on. "A.W. And a hint. She 
has a little tiny beauty mark under the left side of her mouth."

These last two details gave Stevie extra reason to wonder. For the 
description his sister had just given could have easily been of 
herself. He didn't know if he should say something about it or not.

"Sound familiar?" she asked, playfully yet pointedly.

"Kinda sounds like it could almost be ... well, you, Sis," Stevie said.

"And what," Amy then cooed, "if it was?"

"Huh?"

"Here."

Amy had now handed Stevie his glasses. Nervously, he put them on, 
focusing on his sister, who was standing stark naked before him.

"Wh--what is this, Sis?"

"Just what it looks like, Stevie. I want you to fuck me."

"God ... but you're my own sister ..."

"That doesn't stop me from being horny for your cock, though. And I 
know how hard it is for me. I can see the bulge at your crotch. Bet you 
anything that if I took it out of your jeans and started sucking it, 
you'd come right away in my mouth."

Stevie was speechless again. And Amy was kneeling. Next, she'd unzipped 
his swollen fly and was reaching inside his pants. He felt her slender 
fingers grasping his rigid cock. Then he saw her pull it out into the 
open, lowering her face to get a better look.

"Not too big," Amy murmured, her warm breath caressing her brother's 
six or so throbbing inches. "But the same as my titties, real nice. 
Just the right size for me to get every bit of it into my mouth for a 
blow-job."

Now Amy took the plunge, getting her first taste of cock. She hadn't 
expected it to be this salty, but the tangy flavor suited her just 
fine. That was because it served to make her even thirstier for the 
jizz that she had planned on making her brother shoot down her throat.

Stevie, of course, had no way of knowing this was Amy's first blow-job 
ever. Considering how aggressive she was, he just assumed she was 
hardly any stranger to cock-sucking. Besides, even with his own utter 
lack of experience, he could still sense that the slurping number she 
was doing on his prick was second to none.

"Must've gone down on a lot of guys before me to get this good at 
giving head, huh, Sis?" he asked, using the key terms he'd heard 
around.

Amy didn't answer, too busy deep-throating Stevie's prick. Inside, 
however, she glowed with pride from being able to convince her brother 
that she was a veteran cock-sucker. Giving great head, she reasoned, 
just must be something that came naturally to her. Which wasn't 
surprising, considering who she had for a mother.

And now, Amy thought, for the payoff. She knew instinctively that it 
was on the verge of happening for she could feel her brother's cockhead 
flexing down her throat. In short, time to prime Stevie's pump just 
before he delivered the creamy goods.

She squeezed his balls and they hotly churned in reaction. Then Amy 
increased her suction on his prick.

"I'm coming!" Stevie blurted.

His cock erupted. There was a scalding torrent of jizz, but Amy 
swallowed it as fast as it spurted. It was, to her delight, even hotter 
and sweeter than she'd hoped it would be. She couldn't get enough. 
Indeed, when her brother's climax had eventually slowed to a dribble, 
Amy sucked even harder, trying to milk out every possible drop of cum.

"You got it all, Sis," Stevie said. "my cock's getting soft and it 
feels like I might piss or something if you don't quit."

When Amy heard this, it was less like her brother had warned her, as 
far as she was concerned, than he had issued her a dare. Would he 
really piss in her mouth if she kept sucking his prick? And if he did, 
would she be able to drink it the same as she had his jizz? It was, Amy 
realized, a challenge she couldn't resist.

I'm telling you, Sis," Steve stammered.

"If you don't let my cock out of your mouth, I won't be able to help 
what might happen."

Amy refused to obey. And now, gritting his teeth and groaning, her 
brother was desperately trying to hold back the tide rising within him.

"It's not my fault," he gasped. "I tried to warn you, Sis ..."

Steve's crotch bucked against Amy's face like he was going to come 
again. But this time his cock was only semi-hard and it delivered a 
continuous stream instead of a series of spurts, watery and bitter 
rather than creamy and sweet. Piss! Hot, steaming piss! And Amy was 
greedily gulping it down the same as she had her brother's cum.

"God, Sis, you're really drinking it, aren't you?" Stevie said, in awe 
of Amy's bizarre behavior. "I never heard of anything like this!"

And here, abruptly releasing her brother's prick so the last of the 
piss ran down her tits, a gurgling Amy devilishly answered, "Some 
things you just make up as you go along."

By this point Stevie was spellbound, fascinated not only by what his 
sister had done so far but what she might do next. And whatever it 
turned out to be, he knew he was helplessly along for the whole ride.

"Wh--what now, Sis?" he anxiously quizzed.

"Simple," Amy answered. "We trade places. This time I do it in your 
mouth with my cunt."

Stevie licked his lips as his sister made him stretch out on the 
carpet. The next thing he knew he was looking up into drooling jaws of 
her blonde pussy as she knelt over his head.

"That's right," she called down to him. "I'm gonna sit on your face. 
And your tongue better be waiting to jam up my cunt as far as it can 
reach."

Stevie immediately had an oral hard-on, his tongue straining toward his 
sister's hovering pussy. Then down Amy came, her pussy setting flush 
against his brother's mouth.

"Now move your tongue inside my cunt," she urged. "Like a snake."

Hilted in her clutching cunt, Stevie's tongue began to squirm from tip 
to root. Amy squeezed back and she was wet, her pussy juice drenching 
her brother's tingling taste buds. But she was about to get even 
wetter.

"Thata boy," she said excitedly. "I'm already gonna ... oh, yeah, come! 
Coming right now in your mouth, Stevie! Drink my cum, suck it right out 
of my coming cunt!"

Stevie feasted, his sister's orgasmic pussy juice oozing like honey 
down his throat. He was the same as Amy had been when she'd been 
swallowing his cum, couldn't get enough.

"Staying thirsty, huh?" she called down.

Stevie sucked in reply.

"Then drink this," she told him, giggling.

Then Amy bore down from within, her cunt spasming around Stevie's 
hilted tongue. And, with a moan signaling a new form of inner release, 
she forced her pussy to erupt with even hotter, wetter results than an 
orgasm alone could produce.

"Yes!" Amy cried. "Drink my piss! Sweetest piss you'll ever taste from 
any cunt, 'cause I'm still coming at the same time! Pissing and coming 
... coming and pissing! My cum and piss in your mouth, Stevie!"

Stevie's greedy suction mounted as he went after every drop of the 
sweet and sour mixture that his sister's cunt had to give. Finally 
Amy's golden shower had run its course, but she was still climaxing. 
And, as she did, she recognized her fresh hunger for another mouthful 
of Stevie's prick to go along with the way he was eating her pussy.

If Amy wanted to sixty-nine, she was in perfect position for it. 
Sitting on her brother's face, all she had to do was lean forward 
toward his crotch and there was his cock waiting for her, hard as a 
rock. Making her move, she went down on Stevie and once more orally 
fucked his six rigid inches with her cunt of a mouth.

Stevie had heard his share of locker room talk about sixty-nining but 
never, ever had he expected that he'd get lucky enough to try it 
himself. But now that he found himself locked into the magic number, it 
came so naturally he felt as though he'd been doing it all through high 
school.

The rhythm occurred with such ease, his cock in his sister's mouth and 
his tongue in her pussy moving to the same tempo. Then, in turn, there 
was the way Amy sucked and spasmed. She'd never stopped coming and in 
short order Stevie felt the rising tide in his loins, which meant that 
he was due to shoot his wad again.

Amy was well aware that her brother was on the verge of feeding her 
another load of his delicious jizz. By now, his cock was like an old 
friend to her. When its head flexed, as it now did in her throat, she 
knew that could mean only one wonderful thing--hot, spurting cum. This 
time, however, Amy didn't rely on added suction to milk her brother's 
prick. Instead, she surprised Stevie by replacing her mouth with her 
hand at the last minute. Then she jacked him off the rest of the way. 
When his bright-red cock erupted, his jizz splattered her waiting face 
at point-blank range.

"Mmmmmm, fabulous, fantastic!" Amy bubbled as her features were 
drenched from ear to ear. "Just wish there was enough of your cum, 
Stevie, so my whole body could take bath in it. So I could maybe even 
drown in it."

"Let me see how you look, Sis," Stevie said eagerly from below now that 
his latest batch of jizz had been spilled.

Amy's cunt eased off his mouth and she swiveled around above him, 
sitting astride his chest now. The grin she beamed down at Stevie 
wasn't just sticky, it sparkled.

"God, Sis," he said with boyish awe, "you're the most beautiful girl 
I've ever seen."

"Flattery will get you everywhere," Amy cooed. "In fact, it'll get you 
exactly where you've never been before--all the way!"

Stevie gulped, "You mean?"

"Your cock's still hard, isn't it?"

"Almost like I haven't even come yet!"

"So what're we waiting for? Are you ready to lose your cherry or not?"

"What do you think, Sis?" Steve rasped.

"I think," Amy said, "that you'd better fuck me right now or I'll just 
have to go ahead and rape you on my own!"



Chapter 3


They went into Amy's room to do it. She made Stevie wait outside for a 
moment so she could get herself extra-special ready for him to fuck 
her. Then when she called him inside, there was Amy in total splendor 
on the bed.

She had slipped a pair of pillows under her ass, which raised her 
crotch as though her blonde cunt were a shrine. Her legs were spread, 
of course, her knees up. Resting on her elbows, she had posed herself 
for Stevie with the same perfection as she'd seen her mother do for 
Uncle Thad last night--like a centerfold come to life.

"Jeez, Sis," Stevie said in wonder, "I don't know whether to fuck you 
or just look at you."

"You know which it'd better be, stud," Amy teased.

"Yeah," Stevie drooled.

He closed the distance between himself and the bed. However, when he 
got there he hesitated, having one last thing to say before he climbed 
on board and took the plunge.

"Don't forget, Sis," he muttered, "I'm still cherry. Might not know all 
the right things to do the first time I fuck you. So if I'm doing 
anything wrong, you just let me know and--"

"You'll be perfect," Amy assured him.

"Just glad one of us knows what they're doing," Stevie sighed. "Hate to 
think what'd happen if we were both cherry--"

Amy just chuckled. Then, reaching into the crux of her thighs, she 
fingered apart her pussy lips, making them yawn in yawning invitation.

As if it were a handle for the rest of his body, Stevie gripped his 
cock and guided himself onto the bed. There he knelt before his naked 
sister, taking one last look before he went after his first piece of 
ass. Then, holding his breath he set his hips and aimed his hard-on. 
And, lurching forward, making contact, he felt the tight warmth of his 
sister's welcoming pussy squeeze around his surging cockmeat.

"I'm in," he gasped, sounding as if he still didn't quite believe it.

"Mmm-hmmmm, you sure are," Amy moaned, starting to roll her hips.

Stevie took to it like a duck to water. His prick started pumping back 
and forth in his sister's pussy. Soon his confidence had so rapidly 
grown that he even took Amy's asscheeks in his hands to direct her 
movement beneath him.

"Never knew I'd be so good at it," he allowed himself to boast. "What 
do you think, Sis? Am I fucking you as good so far as the other guys 
you've been with?"

But, of course, Amy could not honestly make any such comparison. And 
now she decided this was as good a time as any to let out her secret 
because, with the rhythmic thrusts of Stevie's prick the pain at the 
core of her pussy from her battered cherry had made itself felt.

Well," Stevie asked again, "am I as good--"

"I dunno," Amy gasped.

"Huh?"

"Just keep fucking me," sister panted to brother. "Everything'll 
explain itself."

Amy was really hurting now, but not only did she refuse to yield in her 
quest to officially end her virginity, she stepped up her efforts. She 
wrapped her legs around Stevie's waist, forcing his cock into her 
aching cunt at an even more severe angle. He was only hung with about 
six inches, Amy knew, but now it felt like at least twice as much.

"What's wrong, Sis?" Stevie gulped, seeing how pale she'd become. 
"Something wrong, I know that much. Is it me? Want me to stop?"

"Just keep fucking me, damn it! Fuck me as hard as you can!"

"Don't wanna hurt you, Sis ..."

At this point, Amy could tell that her brother was losing his nerve. 
Despite her insistence that he fuck her to the limit, his cock was 
inching backward in her cunt. This lessened her pain but at the same 
time increased her frustration.

The handwriting was on the wall, Amy now saw. If she wanted her cunt 
fucked good and hard, she'd simply have to take matters into her own 
hands and fuck Stevie instead of him fucking her.

"Hey, what the--?" Stevie blurted.

Amy had just reared up beneath him. Ordinarily he was stronger than 
she, but the element of surprise more than overcame her normal 
disadvantage. Using her legs in a scissoring vise, she wrestled Stevie 
from above her while she surged toward the dominant position. They 
wound up with their positions reversed, Amy on top now.

"Just relax and enjoy it," she told her brother. "Gotta do what I have 
to do."

Her cunt began to rise and fall on Stevie's cock. From where he now lay 
he could see how her pussy lips were tugged in and out of her pussy. 
And then he saw something more.

Bright red blood was seeping down his cock from Amy's cunt!

Stevie panicked. "My God, Sis! We've gotta stop this!"

"Stop it?" Amy scoffed. "This is just the beginning! The beginning of 
the rest of my life! I'm a woman now! A real woman, finally!"

"My God!" a stunned Stevie realized aloud. "Y--you're ... a ... a 
virgin!!"

"Not any more!" Amy crowed.

"Then everything we've done?"

"Yep, first time for me, too. But sure won't be the last!"

"And now?"

"You can't figure it out for yourself?"

"Yeah," Stevie muttered, "guess I can."

"Well, then?"

And abruptly it was Stevie rearing up from below. Amy willingly let it 
happen, winding up back on the bottom.

"Oooooh, be the boss now," she said.

Grunting like an animal, he began goring her cunt with his cock. Amy 
pushed back with every thrust he delivered, making it seem like he was 
penetrating her with far more than the six inches he actually owned.

"You coming again, Sis?" he asked.

"If you want me to," she answered, "then I am." Amy climaxed on the 
spot. "And now don't let me stop. Please don't let me stop coming!"

Stevie reacted by dropping his face to her tits. His mouth sealed a 
nipple, rubbing it against the raspy bed of his tongue.

"Super!" Amy declared with pleasure. "Suck me! Fuck me!"

Stevie did even more than that, though. He was on a roll now, his macho 
instincts taking over. Instead of having to think about what to do 
next, he just automatically knew what would work on Amy. And, along 
with sucking and fucking her, at this point that meant reaching down 
below the tangle of their loins to explore his sister's wiggling ass.

"Yes!" Amy cried. "You must've read my mind, Stevie! My ass needs 
something just as much as my titties or pussy if I'm gonna keep on 
coming! Please do it to me!"

Stevie's fingers crawled along the crack of Amy's ass. Then he'd 
located the special prize down there--her other fuck-hole.

"Finger-fuck me there," sister urged brother. "Finger-fuck my ass!"

Stevie didn't have to be asked twice. His middle finger slipped inside 
Amy's tightest opening and started pumping to the same rhythm as his 
cock in her cunt.

"Ooooh, that feels so good!" Amy sang out with joy, having discovered 
that her asshole was just like her tits--anything sexy happening there 
went straight to her pussy. "You keep this up, Stevie, sucking, fucking 
and fingering me, and I won't stop coming until after you have too."

"That might be quicker than I thought, Sis," Stevie admitted, slurping 
at Amy's spit-soaked tits. "I thought I could hold off longer than this 
since I already came twice before, but, damn, my balls already feel 
like they're turning blue."

"Don't worry about it," Amy countered. "Just do what's natural and let 
everything take care of itself."

"Well ..."

"Don't you see, silly?" Amy impatiently panted. "I want a cuntful of 
your jizz as soon as I can get it."

"But I only just started fucking you, Sis," Stevie said self-
consciously, starting to worry again about his performance.

"Don't worry, you can always come back for more. This may be our first 
time but it sure as anything won't be the last," Amy coaxed. "Please, 
Stevie, please! Come in my cunt! Now, Stevie, now!"

"Okay, Sis, you got it!"

Stevie's cock lurched and exploded at the depths of his sister's pussy. 
And the momentum of his gushing climax was such that it seemed to 
command him to jam a second finger up Amy's shitpit at the same time 
his jizz erupted in her cunt. This made it almost as if she had an 
extra cock filling her butt while her pussy was swamped with cream by 
Stevie's real prick.

"Mmmmmm, I feel soooo fucked!" Amy swooned when her brother's cock had 
finished spilling its hot, sticky load.

"Yeah, me too," Stevie sighed.

They lay there for a time, then he began to unravel from her. First 
Stevie's drooling mouth left Amy's sucked tits, then his dripping prick 
slid from her fucked cunt. However, when he started to remove his 
fingers from her asshole, she stopped him.

"No," Amy protested, "leave those in there. In fact, add another one."

"Huh?"

"I'm finding out that I really love it in my ass!" Amy explained. "So 
while you're waiting to get another hard-on, why not just keep finger-
fucking me where I shit?"

"I--I've always wondered about that," Stevie gulped. "Since it's so 
close to their, uh, cunts, you know, if girls feel anything special in 
their, uh, asses."

"This one sure does," sighed Amy. "C'mon, give me that extra finger."

Stevie cautiously forced it in, surprised at how much a female asshole 
could stretch to take.

"Now move 'em," Amy directed. "Yes, just like that ... in and out ... 
back and forth."

Her hips began to roll, just the way they had when her pussy had been 
getting fucked. Indeed, even though it was the opening a notch away 
that was currently penetrated, her pussy foamed at the lips with the 
fresh juice of arousal.

"What you're doing to my ass is going right to my clit now," Amy 
moaned.

"You can come this way, then, Sis?" Stevie asked in wonder.

"Don't have any choice, thank God," Amy moaned some more.

Then she climaxed, shuddering and whimpering with delight. And 
following her previous orgasmic pattern, she immediately wanted more.

"Oh, do it, do it up my ass even harder, Stevie," she gasped. "So I can 
close my eyes and pretend that instead of your fingers it's really your 
big, hard cock fucking my butt ..."

And as soon as she'd said it, Amy stopped short. A devilish smile 
creased her normally angelic features.

"Why not?" she then wondered aloud.

"Wh--what?" her brother nervously asked.

"No point in pretending when I can have the real thing, now is there?' 
Amy steamily asked.

"God, Sis, you mean?"

"Mmmm-hmmmm!"

And to confirm what her brother had guessed, Amy reached down with both 
hands toward crotch-level. With one of them she removed Stevie's 
fingers from her asshole, while with the other she tugged at his cock.

"Yes, Stevie, just what you think," Amy said. "You can do it. Fuck my 
ass for real with your big, hard cock!"

"Aren't you afraid it'd h--hurt, Sis?" stammered Stevie.

"Oh, I hope so," Amy recklessly replied. "Hurt sooo goooood!"

"But my cock's not all the way hard again, Sis," Stevie stalled.

"Leave it to me, stud."

Then Amy drew her legs all the way back over her head, jack-knifing her 
naked body. This lifted her ass and then she yanked the cheeks apart. 
The dusky eye of her shitpit seemed to wink in seductive invitation at 
Stevie.

"Get it up. Get it up and fuck my ass!" Amy breathlessly called.

"You win, Sis," Stevie called back, his cock abruptly twanging to 
throbbing attention.

He approached the target, hard-on in hand, nudging its swollen head 
against the puffy dent of its target. In response, his sister hooked 
her legs over his shoulders, setting her hips to push back while Stevie 
set his for a cock-thrust.

"Now!" Amy demanded.

Her hips lurched while her brother's cock stabbed into her with driving 
force. The result was all of his six inches buried in her asshole on 
the first try, celebrated by an almost deafening cry on Amy's part.

"Oh, God!" she shouted. "Hurts even better than I thought it would! 
Never felt so full of anything in my life!"

"Then you're gonna come, Sis?" Stevie anxiously asked.

"More than that!" Amy squealed. "Hope you don't mind it messy!"

Then her asshole orgasmically spasmed like a tighter version of her 
cunt around her brother's hilted cock. But the rest of the story was 
what really caught Stevie's attention. For something hot, wet, and, 
slimy was suddenly seeping down his prickmeat. And considering the part 
of Amy he was fucking, it could only be one thing.

"Shit," Stevie muttered. "You're shitting on my cock, Sis."

"Sure am!" swooned Amy, without the slightest trace of embarrassment. 
"Coming and shitting! Shitting and coming! Never thought I could do 
something so dirty--but now that I am, isn't it fantastic?"

His sister's enthusiasm for sex at its dirtiest immediately swept 
Stevie up in its tide. Taking advantage of the slime, he began 
pistoning his lubed cock in Amy's shitty asshole. In turn, she came 
even harder, the juice from her untouched but oozing pussy leaking down 
to drench the root of Stevie's butt-fucking prick, along with his 
grinding crotch and churning balls.

"This is the best yet!" crowed Amy. "Now all there needs to be to make 
it perfect, Stevie, is my ass full of your jizz! How long, stud?"

"Getting closer to shooting my wad every time I rip you, Sis," Stevie 
croaked with yet another surge of his tireless prick. "And when I do, 
it's gonna be the most jizz yet. So just hold on, and ..."

Amy went on, all right, gripping her brother's hilted cock with the 
tugging vise of her asshole. Then she rolled her hips for some cork-
screwing friction, stepping up the timetable for her brother's latest 
eruption.

"You want it that bad, Sis?" Stevie exclaimed. "Then how about right 
fucking now?"

His prick promptly gushed with liquid flame. Her ass instantly flooded, 
Amy burned within. Her brother's scalding cum was mixing with her 
molten shit, creating a river of slimy fire that flowed both ways, some 
of it backing up within her orgasmic bowels and the rest leaking from 
the cock-stretched rim of her fucked asshole.

"Oooooh, it's sooo dirty! Such a dirty way to get fucked," Amy gurgled. 
"That's why I love it!"

Stevie had nothing to add to that. Indeed, as the last of the jizz now 
dribbled from his prick, he was on the brink of total exhaustion. At 
his age hard-ons and fresh batches of jizz came easily, but there was a 
limit to even his teenaged stamina.

"Ahhhhh," he finally sounded off, limp as a rag doll, with his 
overworked cock the limpest part of him of all.

Seeming to recognize that Stevie was at the end of the line and in need 
of a well-deserved rest, Amy lifted her legs from his shoulders and let 
him go. He pitched backward, flat on his back, crashing.

But, it turned out, Amy I wasn't quite through with him yet. She was 
thinking in terms of frosting-on-the-cake--and the flavor was 
chocolate.

Yummmm, she slurped, hungrily licking her lips as she leaned over the 
crotch of her unaware brother. "Look at that tasty morsel."

What she meant was her brother's cock. Fresh from her fucked ass it 
looked as if it had been dipped in hot fudge.

Amy couldn't resist. She closed her mouth over Stevie's filthy cock and 
sucked. Sucked it clean. Then kept on sucking. Would keep on sucking 
until her brother's cock hardened with a fresh supply of hot blood. 
Then she doubled her suction from there, going for a fresh supply of 
cum.

"Don't believe it!" gasped Stevie when he realized what she was doing 
to him.

He'd have to give in to his sister's relentless blow-job though. For 
Amy wasn't going to stop deep-throating his miraculously revived cock 
until it delivered the creamy goods for her one last time.

And within moments she'd succeeded, harvesting a bellyful of jizz. 
Stevie, however, would be hazy later about remembering whether it had 
really happened. Because he'd just passed out from too much of a good 
thing, not sure whether he'd only dreamed it but grinning from ear to 
ear nonetheless.



Chapter 4


After she'd sucked and fucked with Stevie, Amy had but one regret. This 
was that she couldn't go to the source of her inspiration and proudly 
declare, "Mom, I fucked my own brother just like you fuck yours. Yes, 
Mom, me n' Stevie. We even took each other's cherries. And you're the 
reason why. 'Cause I got the idea from watching you and Uncle Thad 
fucking. How about that, huh?"

But, of course, such honesty was impossible. With her mother and her 
never having discussed sex before except in the vaguest of terms, the 
subject of incest was hardly the place to start. However, Amy found 
herself in a situation which unexpectedly tested her silence. It 
started as just a simple thing, really, but so is the stray spark that 
lights any wildfire.

"Amy," mother called to daughter from the bathroom while the two of 
them were home alone, "could you get me a fresh towel, honey? There 
aren't any in here."

"Sure," Amy called back from her room, leaving her homework. "Just a 
sec, Mom."

The towels were stored in the linen closet off the hallway. Amy got a 
nice fluffy one and went into the bathroom, expecting to hand it to her 
mother through the stall door of the shower. However, to her surprise, 
her mother was waiting there in plain sight, dripping wet and stark 
naked.

"I was already out here standing in a puddle," Julia Winslow shivered 
aloud, "before I found out there wasn't any way to get dry. Thanks, 
dear."

The towel changed hands, then Amy watched as her mother used it. Amy 
had naturally seen her mother fresh out of the shower before, but this 
was different. Now she had a new awareness of her female parent's body 
since having spied on her fucking.

Julia Winslow had started on her tits first. She dried them separately, 
bunching each one up so the nipple flexed. Then, after patting her flat 
belly, she lowered the towel to her crotch. There she wiped it between 
her thighs like a sling, rubbing her cunt and between her asscheeks. 
And that was when she noticed how intently her daughter was staring.

Julia asked, "Something wrong with me, Amy?"

"Oh, no ... just the opposite," Amy answered, not sure what she'd say 
until she heard it herself. "It's just that you're so, well, beautiful, 
I can't take my eyes off you, Mom."

Julia was clearly flattered. "No kidding? You mean it, honey?"

Amy nodded. And, God, how she wished that she could just come out and 
tell her mother the whole truth. That she admired her so much. Wanted 
to be like her in every way.

"Yeah," Julia sighed with self-congratulation, "guess I have held up 
pretty well at that over the years, haven't I?"

She turned around, proudly showing off her ass with the towel snagged 
between the plump cheeks. And, for the first time, Amy forgot about 
Uncle Thad in connection with her mother's sexy body and thought in 
terms of making erotic contact herself with this magnificent female 
form--in short, lesbian incest.

Never before had Amy been aware of such desire for someone of her own 
sex. But if it was destined to surface, she reasoned, who better as its 
object than her own gorgeous mother? They were, after all, really part 
of one another, weren't they? Could feeling this way about the woman 
who was most like you in the world be so wrong? she wondered.

Still, though, Amy wouldn't have done anything about the way she now 
felt if her mother had ended this chance encounter. Julia Winslow, 
however, now increased the temptation which had her daughter on pins 
and needles.

"Shouldn't tell you this," Julia whispered, secrecy in her tone as she 
let the towel fall away when she turned back around to face Amy.

"But, damn, if having a pretty, young girl look at me like I'm 
something special doesn't kinda, well, turn me on. Especially when it's 
my own daughter ..."

She interrupted herself with a self-conscious pause, blushing from her 
own words. "Gee, I can't believe I just said something like that!"

"That's all right, Mom," Amy replied, her response automatic. "I'm 
turned on, too."

"Y--you really mean it, darling?" Julia gulped.

And Amy's reply was starkly and recklessly simple. "I'll be in my room, 
Mom."

She turned and along the hallway she left the trail of her discarded 
clothing for her mother to follow. And when Julia Winslow took the 
bait, she arrived to find her Amy waiting for her on the bed just as 
naked as she was.

"Are ... are you sure of this, baby?" mother breathlessly asked 
daughter.

"Is this answer enough for you, Mom?"

Amy boldly spread her legs. Framed by her wispy, blonde bush, the space 
between her parted pussy lips glistened with inner pink.

Once again, Amy's words were recklessly stark in their seductive 
simplicity. "Eat my cunt, Mom. Eat it at the same time I eat your 
cunt."

"I--I can't say no," Julia Winslow admitted, more to herself than 
anything. "H--have to do it. F--find out--what it's like."

She closed the distance to the bed. Her nostrils flared as she caught 
the naturally perfumed scent of her daughter's teenaged cunt. Her own 
cunt became so aroused that its leaking juice could be seen dribbling 
down Julia's inner thighs.

"Don't know what this is that's happening ... what it means," Julia 
murmured. "All I know is that anything that seems so right can't be 
wrong."

"Then what're you waiting for, Mom?" Amy boldly beckoned. "Here I am--
all pussy for your mouth and all mouth for your pussy."

"Yes!" Julia declared, leaving her doubts behind as she got onto the 
bed to immediately straddle her naked daughter.

It was the classic sixty-nine position with which mother and daughter 
were both so familiar, except this time the magic number would be all-
female. No cocks would be sucked here, just pussies. The lips of their 
mouths made slurping contact with the lips of their cunts and tongues 
squirmed inside welcoming gashes. Then hips began to roll and there was 
no turning back.

"Soooo sweeeet," mother and daughter gurgled together as they captured 
the juicy flavor of one another's cunt.

Then, in oral harmony, they ate pussy toward the goal of shared 
orgasms. Success was quickly theirs. Their naked bodies shuddering with 
delight, mother and daughter were wetly coming in one another's 
thirstily gulping mouths.

"Oh, Mom," Amy drooled when she broke away for air, "I've never tasted 
anything more delicious than the cum from your pussy."

"Not even when you sucked a boy's cock?" Julia asked so quickly that 
Amy didn't have time to realize that her answer told all.

"Oh, yes, Mom, even sweeter than jizz--"

Amy stopped short, awaiting her mother's reaction to her unintentional 
confession. Any discussion of it now could only complicate matters.

"You're not a virgin anymore, then, are you?" Julia said after a deep 
breath.

"Does that make any difference between you and me, Mom?" Amy quick-
wittedly answered. "Besides, I'm still cherry for you. You're still my 
first pussy."

It worked. "Oh, and you're my first pussy too, darling. Hard to 
believe, but after all these years I'm cherry again for somebody."

"Then let's stop talking and get back to sucking, Mom," Amy hotly 
urged.

"God, yes, darling!" Julia agreed with equal heat.

And their mouths and tongues were back in action. Once more crotches 
bucked, then female cum resumed its sticky flow. For as long as it 
lasted time seemed to stand still for mother and daughter, with neither 
of them knowing if these were prolonged climaxes they shared or a 
series of multiple orgasms. But the main thing was that it was heaven 
on earth for both Amy and Julia.

However, there was always more. And when they broke for air again, Amy 
brought it up.

"Do you like it in the ass, Mom?" she asked.

"Mmmmm, just love it baby!" Julia readily replied. "Guess you do too, 
huh, or wouldn't have asked."

"Then down we go again, Mom ... only lower this time!"

Each of their mouths promptly sealed the other's asshole. Then their 
tongues pushed into the waiting openings. Spit slicked the way for 
wriggling penetration. And when one of them accidentally farted the 
other answered by doing it on purpose, them both hungrily sucked up the 
windy fumes with sheer hunger.

Next they climaxed together, their cunts identically wired to their 
assholes. And while continuing their rim-jobs, they simultaneously 
finger-fucked one another's oozing pussy until the juice ran down their 
forearms.

"Never knew an asshole could taste so good," Amy said after the mutual 
reaming.

"Amen to that," Julia dreamily agreed. "Just wish we could go even 
further than only tasting each other, though."

"Like?" Amy eagerly asked, ready to try almost anything that was 
suggested.

"Oh, no, it's too much to ask for," Julia wistfully hedged, kind of 
blushing. "Shouldn't even bring it up."

"You'd better tell me right this second, Mom!"

"Well ... if there was only some way that we could," Julia haltingly 
replied, "find a way to sort of, maybe ..." Then, after pausing, she 
said the last part in the form of a yearning question. "Fuck each 
other?"

When she heard this, Amy realized at once that it was a matter of her 
taking the ball and running with it. For the moment she was no clearer 
than her mother about just how a pair of females fucked, but common 
sense told her it must be possible. After all, there were enough 
lesbians around to have solved the problem. The trick was in thinking 
just like a dyke.

"We can do it, Mom!" she declared. "Trust me."

"Just show me how," Julia panted, her voice cracking with anticipation, 
"and I'll be the best piece of ass for you there is, darling."

"Wait right here then, Mom," Amy said. "I'll be right back."

In fact, though, Amy was winging it as she left the bedroom. She wasn't 
even sure what she was looking for--that is, until she passed by the 
fireplace. And there, on the mantel, was the answer to her prayers.

"Hmmmm, just the right size," she happily noted, reaching for the 
object which had caught her eye. "Nice 'n' round 'n' thick as a hard 
cock. And long enough to fit into both our cunts at the same time for 
two-way fucking."

As a test in advance, Amy slipped one end into her cunt several inches 
deep. This, to her amazement, left several inches to spare, which 
jutted from her crotch as if she'd actually just grown herself a female 
hard-on.

"Wow, I feel like such a stud all of a sudden! When Mom sees me like 
this it'll blow her mind. She won't be able to spread her legs fast 
enough so I can fuck her better than she's ever been fucked before. 
And, ooooh, the best part is that she'll be fucking me back just as 
hard."

So now Amy returned in her new form to the bedroom. She didn't have to 
say anything, her startling appearance as she posed in the doorway 
telling the whole story.

"My God!" Julia Winslow blurted when she saw her daughter. "That's one 
of those candies off the fireplace mantel!"

"But it's a cock now, Mom," Amy replied, moving toward the bed so her 
waxy hard-on twitched in front of her. "Our cock! A cock for fucking 
both our pussies at the same time."

"I've raised myself a genius, that's all there is to it!" mother gushed 
to daughter. "Oh, darling, I've never been so ready for anything in my 
life."

Then, demonstrating her lesbian lust, Julia Winslow got into the 
classic fucking position. First she slid a pillow under her ass, then 
raised and parted her knees, her wide-open cunt like a beacon.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she chanted. "Give me a cuntful of that 
monster and fuck me so I come so much I can't stand how good it feels!"

And then Amy had arrived, kneeling on the bed before her mother. Julia 
reached out with her long legs, scissoring those teenaged hips and 
pulling the artificial cock anchored in her lesbian lover's cunt toward 
her own drooling pussy.

"Yes, put it in me, baby!" Julia urged. "Put it in me as hard as you 
can. Rip me, rip me with your big, hard cock!"

Amy set her crotch, then bucked it at the same time her mother's legs 
yanked her cuntward. The surging candle sank straight and true into 
Julia's welcoming pussyhole, not stopping its driving momentum until it 
was lodged with equal depth in the pussies of both mother and daughter. 
Their loins were in flush, grinding together.

"Mmmmm, we just started." Julia swooned, "and already I can tell that 
nobody's ever fucked me any better than you, darling. Is it as good for 
you as it is for me?"

"If you mean perfect, Mom, then right on!" Amy bubbled. "Every time I 
push one end of our cock into your pussy, the other end jams deep as it 
can back into my cunt. So the more I fuck you, the more you fuck me 
back. If that's not perfect, don't know what is."

"In other words," Julia crowed with glee, "who needs men?"

"We sure don't!" Amy triumphantly agreed, feeling every inch a lesbian.

"Then let's celebrate getting free of those bastards," Julia merrily 
suggested, "by coming together."

"Right now soon enough, Mom?"

"Couldn't wait a second longer, baby!"

And so, with a two-way cock-thrust, mother and daughter hilted one 
another's pussy and achieved a simultaneous explosion of their senses. 
As they came, the orgasmic vibrations seemed to be transmitted between 
their fucked cunts through the lesbian cock which linked them. Indeed, 
it was as if each were actually feeding her climax to the other.

"More, more, more!" they both begged.

So the action continued, powered by non-stop climaxing by mother and 
daughter. The ability of both to keep coming was an especially striking 
advertisement for all-female fucking. If one of them had been a man his 
wad would have already been shot and it would have been back to square 
one. However, with a pair cunts sharing a lesbian cock, perpetual 
motion was the name of the game.

As it eventually turned out, the only thing that could stop mother and 
daughter from fucking each other's cunts was a new version of their 
common creed--more! For, it would occur to them, why should it only be 
their cunts which received the thrusting magic of their two-way cock?

"You know, Mom, I was just thinking. Maybe our pussies aren't all we 
can fuck."

"Yes, darling, I was just thinking the same thing myself. Do you really 
think we could?"

"We'll never forgive ourselves if we don't try," Amy said.

"Got any idea how we'd work it?" Julia anxiously asked.

"Not for certain, but where there's a will there's a way," Amy 
confidently stated. "Let's just start by you putting it into me first 
and I'll bet the rest'll just happen naturally."

"Can't argue with that," Julia agreed. "I'm ready."

So, finally the candle-turned-cock was disconnected from the thoroughly 
fucked cunts of mother and daughter, destined for a new role. And, 
presenting her body's half of the next dual-target, Amy hopped up on 
all fours with her ass-cheeks spread.

"Oh, yes, there it is, my baby's adorable little rosebud," Julia 
lilted. "All puckered up like it's waiting for a kiss."

"Waiting for something a lot sexier than a kiss," Amy teased over her 
shoulder.

"Mmmmm-hmmm," Julia sighed, aiming one end of the candle at the dusky 
opening a notch away from her daughter's cunt. "Waiting for this."

She shoved the candle inside. Greased by pussy juice, it entered 
easily, several inches deep on the first try.

"Well," Julia asked after guiding the plunge, "how does it feel?"

"Fantastic!" Amy squealed. "And about this? Now you back up behind me 
on your hands and knees, too, Mom, and we'll get the other half in you 
that way. Okay?"

"Can't think of a better way to do it," Julia answered.

Then she was also on all fours, in a mirror-image of her daughter's 
position. And, reaching to her rear as she and Amy faced away from one 
another, Julia groped for the exposed length of the candle and guided 
its waxy head between her own spread asscheeks.

"Putting it in you yet, Mom?" Amy called, unable to see.

"Right now," Julia called back. "Fits just perfect so far with all that 
pussy juice greasing the way. Now, all I have to do is rock back on my 
knees, and ..."

"Sensational, Mom!" Amy whooped as she felt the result of her mother's 
maneuver. "It's pushing back in me at this end while you take it at the 
other end, the same as when we were fucking each other's cunts--only, 
ahhhh, a whole lot tighter!"

"Only got a couple of inches to go," Julia panted. "Yes, that's got it 
done. We're both plugged as deep as we can get. Now if we start moving 
back and forth together just right, it'll be as good as it gets."

They started rocking to and fro on their knees in rhythmic tandem, 
causing their lesbian cock to thrust within Amy when they were leaning 
together in one direction and returning the favor for her mother when 
they bent the other way. And, in the process, the cheeks of their ass 
were as flush as their crotches had been. For this time, bottoms up, 
mother and daughter were fucking each other in the ass!

"Oh, just wish I could see the expression on your face when we come, 
Mom!"

"Just close your eyes and imagine the happiest mother in the world," 
Julia suggested.

"Then you get a fix on the happiest daughter in the world at the same 
time," Amy moaned back.

"Just say when, darling."

"Now! Oh, Mom, right fucking now!"

They climaxed as one from the two-way butt-fuck, the same as they had 
when they'd been sharing their cock with their pussies. Only this time 
there was the promise of an added form of erotic release.

"I can shit while I come if I want to," Amy said excitedly. "But I'll 
only shit if you shit, too, Mom."

"Then, baby, that's just how it'll be," Julia grunted, bearing down 
from within.

The fragrant aroma of female fudge quickly filled the room, mother and 
daughter both shitting while they came. It leaked from their fucked 
assholes and trickled into the groove of their cunts, burning the 
tender tissues.

"Doesn't get any dirtier than this!" one of them cried.

"Then that means it doesn't get any better!" the other shouted.

"Still wish I could see the expression on your face, though."

"Mmmmm, same here!"

They were drawn to one another now in an attempt to make at least 
partial eye-contact. So, gradually, their bodies shifted, testing the 
flexibility of their ass-fucking cock. And while, because it was wax, 
it had a certain amount give, there was a breaking point that was on 
the verge of being reached. But, in the meantime, as it bent ...

"Oh, Mom," Amy said, catching sight of her mother's beaming face for 
the first time since they'd started giving it to each other up the 
butt, "you really do look like the happiest woman in the world."

"That's 'cause I know I've made you the happiest girl in the world."

At this point mother and daughter just couldn't hold back. They were 
drawn toward each other in a loving embrace. And when they surged into 
the hug, their mouths aimed for a passionate kiss to celebrate their 
lesbian awakening, the link between their fucked assholes finally gave 
way, snapping at the middle.

"Gee, the fucking's over," Julia Winslow sighed as she realized they 
were no longer sharing the candle-turned-cock.

"No, it's not, Mom. 'Cause today is just the beginning for me and you."

"Oh, baby you say the sweetest things."

"Only 'cause they're true, Mom."

And then mother and daughter shared that kiss they'd been heading for 
when the candle broke, closer to one another than ever before.



Chapter 5


Now they were talking instead of sucking and fucking. But Amy had made 
up her mind that it would be just as meaningful as when they were 
having sex. There was more than one way to let it all hang out, and 
after the extraordinary trip they'd taken together, Amy didn't see how 
her mother and she could afford to keep anything secret from each 
other.

So, as they cuddled in bed, she said, "Tell you what, Mom, I'll let you 
in on my secrets if you let me know yours."

"Like, uh, what?" Julia Winslow hesitantly replied.

"Wanna find out about the boy who took my cherry, don't you?"

Her mother predictably nodded. "But what do you expect from me in 
return? What kind of secret?"

"Simple," Amy answered. "Just curious who you've been sleeping with 
since you divorced daddy, that's all."

"And what makes you think--"

"Mom, a woman as horny as you are has to be getting it steady from 
somebody," Amy said simply.

"No, I couldn't tell you that," Julia resisted.

"Then you'll never find out how I stopped being a virgin."

"Oh, I want to know, I really do," Julia sincerely said. "What mother 
wouldn't want to know about her only daughter? But, still, that's just 
you and some boy. And what you want me to tell you about is who I've 
been fucking--well, it's more than just me and some ordinary man. I 
don't think you're ready to hear it."

"Maybe you'll change your mind, Mom," Amy countered, "after you hear 
what I have to tell you about who popped my cherry. He was not just 
some ordinary boy, not by a long shot."

But Julia still hedged, caught in a tug-of-war between what she yearned 
to know about her daughter and what she'd have to reveal in return.

"I'll make you a deal, Mom. An offer you can't refuse. When I tell you 
who fucked me, I'll leave it up to you if it's worth you telling me 
who's been fucking you. You decide and that'll be that."

How could Julia pass on that? So she nodded in agreement but warned, 
"Don't forget, though, I'm not promising anything."

"Just listen for now, Mom, that's all I ask."

"Okay ... go on."

Amy paused to build up the suspense a little bit more. "I lost my 
cherry right here at home, Mom."

"A boy from school?"

"Yes, but more than that."

"What do you mean?"

"He was here all along. Right here at home in the first place, so I 
didn't have to go out looking when I was ready for my first pussyful of 
cock."

"I don't think I understand ..."

"Sure you do, Mom. I've given you all the pieces of the puzzle, just 
put them together and you'll get the picture."

Julia Winslow temporarily turned away and shook her head, as if she 
were trying to shake what her daughter had told her from her mind. But 
Amy had already dropped too many hints. So then Julia turned back and 
forced herself to confront what seemed so shockingly obvious.

"Y--you mean?" she muttered.

"You tell me what you think I mean, Mom," Amy challenged. "Who fucked 
me, Mom?"

Julia Winslow took the deepest breath of her life. "St--Steve," she 
choked.

Amy nodded in admission. "Now, are you ready to tell me who's been 
fucking you, Mom?"

Julia's nostrils flared, as though she could smell what was in the air. 
"Y--you know ... already know, don't you? Knew all along!"

Amy nodded again. "I saw you and Uncle Thad, Mom, I saw him fucking 
you. That's where I got the idea of going after Stevie. If your own 
brother was good enough for you, then I figured mine was good enough 
for me!"

"And," Julia then gulped, "What now?"

"Believe it or not, I never thought about that until right this 
second," Amy honestly answered. "I'm starting to get some ideas real 
fast, though."

"Y--yes?"

"Well, Mom, since we're in this together, the way I see it ..."

*   *   *

Julia Winslow still couldn't quite believe she'd let her daughter talk 
her into this. But that was just on the one hand. On the other hand, 
Julia would have been guilty of lying to herself had she tried to deny 
that she was looking intensely forward to it. After all, down deep, 
didn't every mother have a secret fantasy about what it would be like 
to ...

"Oh, hi, Stevie!" she said, interrupting her steamy thoughts to greet 
her son when he walked through the front door, home from school.

He was surprised to see her. "How come you're not at work, Mom?"

"Backache," Julia answered. "Maybe you could help me out with it. Think 
you could give me a nice, long rubdown?"

Stevie shrugged with agreement as his mother went over to the couch. 
Getting in position for a massage, she stretched out on her stomach. 
Joining her, Stevie sat on the edge of the couch and placed his hands 
on her shoulder blades.

"Under my blouse," she sighed, "against my skin."

Stevie felt kind of funny about pulling her blouse out of her slacks, 
like in a way he was undressing her. Then, when he touched her bare 
flesh and realized she wasn't wearing a bra, he was even more self-
conscious. But it was hardly the type of thing he could discuss with 
his own mother, so he started rubbing her as though nothing were 
bothering him.

"Down lower, sweetie," Julia told him. "Around my waist."

"Uh, your slacks'll be kinda in the way if I rub down that far, Mom," 
Stevie nervously noted.

"No problem ..."

Julia unsnapped the slacks, wriggling her hips out of them so the crack 
of her ass partially showed. She wasn't, her staring son now realized, 
wearing panties either.

"Now rub me, really rub me," Julia urged.

Stevie's hands began moving in tight, tense circles near the base of 
her spine, his palms unavoidably coming into contact with the rise of 
her asscheeks. Also unavoidable was the stirring response of his 
hardening cock.

"That's better," mother murmured to her son, "but loosen up some, dear. 
And the farther down you rub me, the better it'll feel."

Farther down, he thought, meant directly stroking her bare ass. "Are y-
-you sure this is what you want me to do, M--mom?" Stevie stammered.

"Mmmm-hmmmmm," Julia answered, wriggling out of her slacks even more.

Warily, Stevie placed a hand on each of her asscheeks, so when he 
resumed the massage the plump globes of female flesh were pressed 
together. Then he heard a faint but telltale squashing sound. If he 
hadn't had sex with his sister, Stevie wouldn't have known what it was, 
but he recognized it now. It was his mother's wet pussy he was 
listening to.

"L-lower, Mom?" he dared to ask.

"Far down as you want to go," Julia steamily answered. "Here, let me 
make it easier for you."

She tugged at her slacks, lowering them all the way to her knees. 
Suddenly Stevie was looking between her asscheeks at the pouting lips 
of her hairy pussy.

"Yes, rub me there, right where you're looking," Julia puffed.

Stevie made one last attempt to give her the benefit of the doubt. 
"But, gee, Mom, you're talking about your ..."

"Oh, I know," Julia readily replied. "Do it to me, honey. Right there 
between Mommy's legs."

By this point Stevie had a hard-on that not only wouldn't quit, it 
seemed to have taken over from his brain. So the message from his 
yearning crotch as to go ahead. Pussy was pussy, not to be passed up, 
no matter whose it was.

Stevie touched her there, warily at first. But her cunt was so hairy, 
so meaty and so juicy that his fingers quickly felt right at home. He 
began to probe. In turn, his mother squirmed, her obviously aroused 
pussy leaking all over his immediately sticky hand.

"Ahhhh, that feels sooo goooood," Julia moaned as she was felt up. "It 
wasn't a backache that made me leave work early. Fact was, I was so hot 
I couldn't get a damned thing done at the office with this aching pussy 
of mine."

There was no reason anymore for Stevie to hedge. "If that was the 
problem, why didn't you fuck your boss, Mom?"

And even more boldly, Julia Winslow countered, "I already got my raise 
and promotion for the year from the old fart. Besides, I was really in 
the mood for something nice 'n' young. A stud young enough to be my own 
son ... So, I figured, well, how could I do better than the real 
thing?"

"Then you want me to ..."

All at once his mother rolled over onto her back, facing up at him with 
a leer which left nothing to the imagination. But if that weren't 
enough she slithered all the way out of her slacks and stretched her 
thighs as far apart as they'd go.

"Yes!" she declared. I want you to ... But, go ahead, darling, let me 
hear you say it yourself."

"F-fuck you, Mom?"

"Only if you want to, of course," Julia coyly answered. "But there's an 
easy enough way to find out about that right away, isn't there?"

She reached for Stevie's bulging fly and unzipped it. Then her hand was 
inside his jeans. When it emerged, it clutched a throbbing teenaged 
hard-on.

"Maybe a little sucking first might hit the spot, though," Julia 
slurped, licking her lips with a twinkle in her eye. "Before you fuck 
me you wouldn't mind me giving you a blow-job while you eat my pussy, 
would you, Son?"

"Like, uh, a sixty-nine, Mom?"

"Mmmmm, you've got my number, that's for sure," Julia teased. "Now 
let's get all the way out of these useless clothes so we can really 
feel each other."

Her blouse was all Julia had left. She unbuttoned it and cast it aside 
to reveal her large tits. It took Stevie a while longer to get rid of 
his shirt and jeans, nervous as he was. Then, when he'd finally 
stripped down to nothing but his wiry young body, his mother pronounced 
him supremely fit.

"You're built just like a dancer," she said, praising his slender form. 
"So glad you didn't grow into one of those hulks who play football. One 
of those big apes'd probably crush me. But we'll fit together like 
we're made for each other."

After the worry he'd been used to putting in over his slight frame, his 
mother's flattery made Stevie feel like the king of the world. He was 
ready for anything.

"Shall I be on top?" he asked.

"Quick as you can, darling. The sooner your beautiful cock's in my 
mouth and you're eating my pussy, the better I'll like it."

"You got it, Mom!" Stevie enthusiastically declared.

Ready to be the same kind of stud for his mother that he'd been for his 
sister, he climbed astride her now, facing her hairy crotch, his knees 
on either side of her head. Then, leaning forward, he lowered his 
tongue, pausing to breathe in the sweet scent of the same cunt which 
had originally delivered him into the world. Meanwhile, at the other 
end of the action, he felt his mother's hot breath on his rigid cock 
and dangling balls.

"Well, my boy, this is it," Julia prompted from below. "The beginning 
of what I guess I've been waiting for ever since you were born, 
darling."

She angled her son's prick down to oral range and closed her mouth 
around the throbbing head. At the same time, Stevie buried his face in 
her bush and let her pussy's sticky warmth seep into his taste buds.

From there the sixty-nine between mother and son proceeded by slurping 
degrees, Stevie following Julia's lead and nudging his tongue inside 
her cunt at the same gradual pace that her mouth slowly inched along 
his hard-on. They were, she seemed to be telling him, in no hurry, so 
why not relax and savor each other a bit at a time?

Then, finally, mother had deep-throated son and his tongue was hitting 
her pussy. And that's when the slow pace of the fucking action abruptly 
speeded up. Julia's mouth turned into an oral version of a cunt, 
forcing Stevie to begin fucking it with hip-snapping thrusts. And, 
picking up on the tempo, his tongue turned into a pumping oral cock in 
her real pussy.

Stevie knew she was coming in his face when the volume of her pussy 
juice swiftly increased and its flavor doubled its sweetness. And he 
also knew, as his prick flexed down her throat, that it wouldn't be 
long before he'd be coming in her mouth.

No point in holding back his jizz, Stevie recognized. It was what his 
mother clearly wanted. And, God, did he have plenty to give her!

"Ooooh," he moaned into the nest of her cunt, "I'm shooting it, Mom ... 
shooting my cum for you to drink!"

However, to Stevie's surprise, his mother didn't swallow his gushing 
cream. Indeed, his spurting prick, was abruptly gone from her mouth. 
For a split-second he thought he'd screwed up somehow. But then he felt 
a new source of soft warmth surrounding his cockmeat and realized his 
mother was even hornier than he'd thought she was.

"I love getting my titties soaked with cum," Julia said breathlessly to 
her son. "Makes me feel like such a dirty slut. You like dirty sluts, 
don't you, Stevie? Hope so, 'cause when I get this hot I'm afraid 
that's me all over. Dirtiest slut you ever saw."

"Anything," Stevie rasped with a fresh surge of excitement. "Anything 
you say, Mom!"

"Then why don't you turn around and see what a mess I am now?" Julia 
suggested.

Stevie didn't have to be asked twice. Swiveling on top of his mother, 
he gazed down at her big tits. They glistened below him, his mother 
smearing his jizz all over them.

"God, Mom," Stevie blurted out, "you're really beautiful ..."

"No," Julia saucily cut in on him, "that's not what I want to hear. 
Tell me what a dirty slut I am!"

Having been raised to respect his mother, it was difficult at first for 
Stevie to seemingly insult her. But she kept insisting.

"Okay, then, Mom ... you're a dirty slut," he muttered.

"More!" Julia urged. "And say it like you mean it!"

"Wh-whore," Stevie managed to stammer after a deep breath.

"Louder!"

"Whore," Stevie repeated, more comfortable now about talking this way 
to his mother. "Whore ... bitch ... cunt!"

"And what does a young stud do to a whoring bitch of a cunt like me?" 
Julia prompted.

"Fuck her!" Stevie hissed, hitting his macho stride now. "Fuck her 
hard!"

"Mmmmm, that sounds just exactly like what I deserve," Julia lilted.

She spread her legs so wide that Stevie could see her hairy asshole 
beneath her gaping cunt. After his experience with his sister, the 
sight of the other female shitpit in the family gave him an idea he 
couldn't resist.

"But I fuck you my way or not at all, bitch, understand?" he barked at 
his naked mother.

"Wouldn't have it any other way, tiger," Julia said. "I'm just here to 
be used like any whore. Whatever turns you on the most is my 
specialty."

"Then close your eyes, slut," Stevie ordered. "Don't want you to know 
how I'm gonna fuck you until it's too late for you to do anything but 
just hang on for the ride."

"Is that a threat or a promise, big boy?" Julia teased.

"Take it however you want to," snapped Stevie.

"I've got a better idea," Julia cooed back. "I'll take it any way I can 
get it."

Then she closed her eyes, crossing her fingers for good luck. Stevie 
moved in on her, his cock like a dagger in his hand. First he ran the 
head along the groove of her cunt, following it from her clit down to 
the crack of her ass. Julia shivered with anticipation, coaxing him to 
hurry and fuck her.

"You don't know how fucked you're about to be, Mom," Stevie vowed.

Now he took aim at point-blank range, his cockhead a fraction of an 
inch from its target. However, the bull's eye he'd chosen was not his 
mother's anticipating cunt. With a brutal thrust of his hard-on, Stevie 
abruptly shafted the much narrower channel a notch below.

"Oh, my ass ... my ass!" Julia shrieked. "You're fucking me in the ass 
instead of the cunt!"

Her previously closed eyes had opened now, bulging from their sockets. 
Plus, her face had turned ashen, her jaw unhinged as she gasped for 
air.

"Hurts like hell, huh, Mom?" Stevie triumphantly asked.

But the reply he got was a swooning, "No, hurts like heaven ... heaven 
on earth!"

Then Julia climaxed on the spot. And as she did, her orgasmic asshole 
became a rippling vise around her son's hilted prick.

"You know what's about to happen, don't you?" she rasped. "I couldn't 
stop it if I wanted to."

Then Stevie felt the telltale slime from his mother's jolted depths 
seeping around his locked-in prick. There was no doubt about what it 
could only be.

"Yes, darling, Mommy's shitting on your cock," Julia told him. 
"Shitting while I come. That ought to prove to you once and for all 
what a dirty bitch I am."

As if Stevie had needed any further proof. And now the challenge was 
even greater for him to show that he had the balls to leave no doubt 
about his own status.

"You left out the rest, Mom," he snarled. "If you're a dirty bitch then 
that makes me a mother-fucking son of a bitch! And just guess who that 
makes the boss."

Taking charge, he slapped Julia across the face, causing her to whimper 
with pleasure.

"Oh, that's my mother-fucking son of a bitch! Take me over!"

Stevie slapped her again, but then he saw a way to hurt her with his 
hands even more. Her tits were suddenly in her grasp and he sank his 
nails into their spongy flesh, wrenching them around almost double.

"Kill me!" Julia cried in response. "Kill me if you can, you mother-
fucking son of a bitch, so I can die the happiest woman in the world!"

"No, bitch, that'd be too easy on you," Stevie spat. "Instead I'm gonna 
drag it out, make you suffer until you just wish you were dead."

"Mmmm, how could I ask for anything more?"

"All you'll be asking for is mercy before I'm through with you, bitch!"

Then, after having mauled his mother's tits so they'd be black and blue 
for days, Stevie turned his attention back to his main instrument of 
macho power--his cock, his butt-fucking cock. He used it like a 
battering ram. Driving, thrusting, pounding ...

"You're splitting me in two!" Julia screeched. "It hurts sooo gooood! 
Can't stop coming! Can't stop shitting!"

Stevie guessed by now that he could hammer a stake up his mother's 
horny ass and she'd still wind up begging for more. But that didn't 
mean he was anywhere near ready to admit that he couldn't fuck her into 
submission. And if she seemed to thrive on pain, then maybe humiliation 
was the answer.

He abruptly yanked his prick from her ass. It was filthy with her 
female tar ... "Now you get it in your cunt, bitch," he told her. "And 
this is one fuck that ought to be even too dirty for you to stand. A 
pussyful of my shitty cock, straight from your nasty asshole."

Stevie promptly made the switch. But rather than recoiling, his mother 
pushed back with all her strength to force him in her pussy to his 
balls.

"Oooooh, your shitty cock is burning my cunt soooo hot!" Julia cried. 
"Too hot, even for me."

This time Stevie was sure he had her on the verge of begging for mercy. 
But his mother caught him by surprise again for she provided the relief 
she needed on her own. And if it did cool off her cunt in one sense, in 
another it just made the action even hotter--or, at least, dirtier.

"Ahhh, that's better," Julia moaned with release, her pussy erupting 
around her son's buried cock. "Nothing like pissing on a shitty prick 
to give it a fresh start in my cunt."

Stevie was in awe at how low his mother was capable of sinking. And, he 
realized, she was dragging him down with her every bit of the way into 
the exotic gutter.

And now Stevie touched bottom. With his mother's cunt still flowing 
with piss, his cock lurched deep within her and erupted with a creamy 
torrent of jizz that directly flooded into her golden shower.

Then, with his cum spent, all of Stevie's energy was sapped. He 
collapsed on top of his mother, in a daze just this side of 
unconsciousness. But Julia was still not through with him.

"Mmmmm, mama's little boy's had himself a busy day, hasn't he? Well we 
know what you need now, don't we?"

She nudged one of her large tits against his face, popping a plump 
nipple into Stevie's mouth. Automatically sucking, he nursed like a 
helpless baby instead of the mother-fucking son of a bitch he had so 
recently been, giving it to a supremely satisfied Julia Winslow both 
ways.



Chapter 6


Now that her mother had seduced Stevie according to their plan, it was 
Amy's turn to keep her end of the bargain. Her wet cunt squished with 
anticipation as she walked from the elevator. Then she felt the pussy 
juice that had soaked through her panties leaking down her inner thighs 
when she knocked on his apartment door.

"Amy!" he said, greeting her with surprise but genuine warmth. "And 
what brings my favorite niece here to give me the pleasure of her 
lovely, young company?"

"I need to talk to you about something, Uncle Thad," Amy answered, 
tight-lipped.

"Boy-trouble?" Thad asked, showing her in.

"No," Amy said, waiting to reply until she'd sat down, "mom-trouble."

Thad tried to make a joke of it. "Your mother staying out after curfew 
again, is she? Using the car without permission?"

"I'm serious," Amy said with a calculated frown, knowing full well, of 
course, why her uncle would try and make light of anything having to do 
with her mom's personal life. "No kidding around, okay? You're the only 
one I can talk to about this."

Thad took a deep breath, obviously ill at ease. But, gamely, he asked 
what it was all about.

Amy took a deep breath herself, strictly for effect. "I'm worried," she 
then soberly said, "that Mom's making a fool of herself over a man."

Thad swallowed hard. "How's that?"

"Let me put it this way," Amy told her uncle. "It's not just a fool 
Mom's acting like--more like a whore, as far as I can tell."

Thad swallowed harder. "With who?"

"That's what I'm trying to find out," Amy replied. "I thought you might 
know, since it's you Mom says she's with when she's really with him. 
I'd have never figured it out except the other night I heard them doing 
something that Mom couldn't be doing with you."

Thad raised his eyebrows, his adam's apple bobbing up and down.
*DLF*
"That's right," Amy said in a drastic hush, "they were fucking."

"Well," Thad muttered, "your mother's a normal, healthy woman, and sex 
is a part of life. She needs an outlet. Don't be too hard on her for 
just being human."

"Why not?" Amy snapped back. "It's just not fair, Uncle Thad! I'm a 
normal, healthy girl, too, but what do you suppose mom would do if she 
found out I was fucking around the same as she is?"

"Maybe," Thad cautiously suggested, "what your mother didn't know about 
you wouldn't hurt her."

Amy looked her uncle straight in the eye. "You think the reason I'm so 
hung up about mom is because I'm not getting it like she is, don't 
you?"

Thad hadn't the guts to answer but Amy read what she wanted to into his 
silence.

"Yeah, I know," she sighed. "If the shoe fits, wear it, right?"

Thad ventured a nod.

"Okay so I'm horny," Amy admitted in a rush." Horny all the time, it 
seems like." Then she paused, her eyes beginning to smolder on contact 
with her uncle's. "Horny right now."

"F--for who?" Thad whispered back.

"Anybody," Amy revealed, "who'll fuck me.''

Then she shifted her smoldering gaze downward, from her uncle's 
twitching face to his abruptly bulging crotch. He squirmed in his 
chair. Amy squirmed in hers. The silence was deafening. Then Amy broke 
it with a bombshell.

"Do you suppose I came to the right place, Uncle Thad?"

"I'll leave that up to you," Thad choked.

"Then I'd better get down on my knees," Amy steamily murmured. " 'Cause 
I can't think of any better way to suck your cock."

So she knelt in front of her astonished uncle. Then, moving quickly, 
she opened his pants and pulled them and his shorts down to expose 
Thad's jutting hard-on.

"Mmmmm," she sighed, "your cock's even bigger than I thought it was."

Amy was telling the truth. She'd only seen Thad's prick at a distance 
the night she'd spied on him fucking her mother. And, since then, she'd 
become accustomed to her brother's six-inch prick. So now, viewing her 
uncle's throbbing column of cockmeat up close, she realized how much 
longer and thicker it was than Stevie's prick.

"Don't even know if I can get the whole thing in my mouth," she said. 
"But, ooooh, I can sure try!"

Then Amy folded her lips around her uncle's chunky cockhead, which was 
as large as a small fist. Its salty taste made her taste buds tingle. 
Already she was thirsty for the sweet cum that a blow-job would bring.

"This is the kind of cock," she slurped before sucking down the log, 
thick shaft, "that makes a girl's mouth feel just like a cunt."

She held her breath and plunged. Her uncle's crotch bucked in reaction 
as she deep-throated him to his hairy balls.

"Yeah, you little cock-sucker. You horny, little cock-sucker!" he 
blurted out. "Bet there's not any cock so big that you couldn't suck 
the whole damned thing."

Amy responded with rhythmic suction that saw her clutching lips slid 
back and forth along the heavily veined length of her uncle's cock. 
Then she took Thad's balls in her hands and rolled them between her 
palms like a baker working on two lumps of dough.

"Ah, you want me to come quick, don't you, little girl?" Thad said. 
"You must, the way you're giving me head. Must really be hungry for a 
bellyful of your old uncle's hot jizz."

Amy showed him how right he was, deep-throating his cock again and 
keeping it buried for a last flourish of greedy suction. Just to make 
sure she pulled the plug on her uncle's jizz-supply, she'd snaked a 
middle finger into the crack of his ass and probed his gritty asshole.

"You got it, little girl, all of my jizz you can drink, right damned 
now!" Thad croaked.

His cock erupted on cue. Amy started swallowing as soon as the jizz 
gushed, matching every spurt with a deep gulp of her own.

"Mmmmm, I know the kind of cock-sucker you are," Thad rasped. "The kind 
who'll hang on to the last drop and still want more jizz. The kind I'll 
have to push away when I'm finished coming."

He had her figured out, that was for sure. For now, as his prick slowed 
to just a dribble, she was nursing on the oozing head as though she 
were a hungry baby and it an oversized nipple. She kept finger-fucking 
her uncle's asshole along with pumping his balls, milking him until he 
had to make her stop.

"Enough," Thad finally said. "I mean it."

But Amy persisted. And as her uncle had predicted, he wound up pushing 
her off of his thoroughly drained cock.

"Sorry I had to get a little rough, there," Thad apologized. "But you 
didn't give me any other choice."

"Then why don't you take more advantage of it?" Amy smirked with a 
sticky grin. "If I'm asking for the rough stuff, then you ought to be 
man enough to give me more than just a simple push."

Thad took the bait. "Just try me then."

"Suppose I took another try at a blow-job?"

"You're through sucking my cock, little girl."

"I'm not so sure."

Then she orally plunged, closing her mouth over her uncle's semi-hard 
prick. At first he pushed as he had before, but this time Amy refused 
to budge.

"You asked for it," he warned.

"Mmmmm, I know," she taunted around a mouthful of prickmeat.

And, his right arm looping in a blurred arch, Thad slapped his niece 
across the face to drive her back. But even though she yielded, Amy was 
no less sassy.

"Is that all the harder you can hit?"

Thad slapped her again, this time with his other hand, leaving matching 
welts on both her cheekbones.

"Well, that's better," Amy replied. "But you've still got some to go 
before you're rough enough for a bitch like me."

"You little cunt!" Thad shot back. "What I ought to do to teach you a 
lesson is just go ahead and fuck you."

"Now you're talking!" Amy bubbled with anticipation. "I'm ready it you 
are!"

"You got it!"

With macho strength, Thad scooped his niece off the floor and carried 
her into the bedroom. There, he threw her on the mattress so hard she 
bounced. Then, pouncing on her like an animal, he ripped her clothes 
away so she was stark naked below him.

"Fight me, bitch! Fight me!" he hissed, his cock back to full jutting 
power. "If you wanna be fucked then make me do it to you!"

Amy lashed out and scratched his face. In return he grinned like a 
hungry wolf.

"Yeah, that's my little spitfire. Make me really have to hurt you bad!"

Struggling some more, Amy seduced all of his strength into play. Soon 
her uncle was totally dominating her, pinning down her arms and hooking 
her legs over his shoulders so he could drive forward to have his way 
with her nude, helplessly jack-knifed body.

"You're all cunt for me now, bitch," he snarled. "Just feel."

He wedged his crotch between Amy's raised, spread thighs. She felt his 
balls churning against her asshole, the shaft of his hard-on pressing 
upright along the groove of her pussy lips. His cockhead rubbed 
directly against her clit.

"Yes, yes, that's what I am!" cried Amy in lusty agreement. "Nothing 
but a cunt! All cunt for your big stud's cock, Uncle Thad!"

"Then beg me for it, cunt! Beg me like you were begging for your life!"

"Fuck me!" Amy passionately pleaded. "Please fuck me!"

"Will I! Little girl, you'll be passing my left-over jizz for a week 
after I finish with you--that is, if I don't fuck you to death."

Then Thad drew back just enough to straighten out his cock, setting his 
hips for the brutal thrust to the depths of his niece's teen-aged 
pussy. Glancing at his poised weapon with breathless awe, Amy couldn't 
help thinking that it was even bigger than she'd previously believed. 
Instead of ten inches, it now seemed at least a foot long. Could her 
cunt take it all? Well, she was about to find out!

"Ahhhhh!" her uncle cried, driving into her with all his might. "This 
enough cock for you, bitch?"

All at once Amy's cunt was filled with every thick inch her uncle had 
to fuck her with. He was so hung that a stallion might as well have 
been mounting her."

"Now wrap your legs around me and start moving your ass, whore!" Thad 
demanded. "Earn your keep. You only get fucked as good as you deserve."

Amy started to tell him that she needed time to get used to so much 
cock in her cunt, then stopped short as she decided that holding back 
even for a moment would be something she'd later regret. If ever there 
was a time to go for broke, when she was getting fucked by her uncle 
for the first time had to be it.

So she went ahead and wrapped her legs around her uncle's waist. Then 
she used the leverage to push back as hard as she could, despite how 
deeply her cunt was already packed with cock. The added pressure she 
had brought on herself almost made her pass out. But then her ass 
automatically kicked into squirming gear and she was a grinding sex-
machine.

Thad had to give credit where credit was due. "Gotta admit, little 
girl, you know how to use what you've got."

Amy got off on his praise by coming now. It was the kind of total 
orgasm that affected every part of her writhing body. She broke out in 
a steaming sweat, drooled like a helpless baby. She even farted.

"When you come, you really come, don't you?" Thad said with admiration. 
"I only know one other piece of ass who comes this hard."

Even through her orgasmic haze, Amy's radar picked up the last part of 
what Thad had said. She knew full well that he was comparing her with 
her mother. Of course that pleased her, but, at the same time, she had 
a natural urge to convince her uncle that she was even more than her 
mother's equal.

So, angling toward this goal, she said to her uncle with a temporary 
bit of reverse psychology, "Maybe I came too soon, too much for my own 
good, though."

"How's that, little girl?"

"When I started coming, you stopped fucking me," Amy explained. "If I'd 
held out longer, you'd have kept up the rough stuff."

"Hey, I can still be just as much a bastard as you want me to be," Thad 
offered. "Want me to smack you while I fuck you?"

"Naw, guess not, now that I think about it, sighed Amy. "Just wouldn't 
be the same after all the nice things you've just said about me."

"First time I ever fucked anybody who complained about that," Thad 
sighed back.

"Well, I do have a sort of an idea, though," Amy said. "Something else 
where it's probably the first time it's ever happened to you while you 
were fucking. How about it?"

Thad pointed out that he didn't know what she was asking him to agree 
to.

"Trust me," Amy slyly coaxed.

"Well ..."

"You'd have already said no if that's what you meant," Amy cut in on 
her uncertain uncle.

"You're mine!"

Then, with surprising strength for a teenaged girl, she reared up 
beneath a confused Thad. Having no chance to get his bearings, he was 
bowled over. The next thing he knew their positions had been forcibly 
reversed, with his niece on top of the action while he was pinned 
beneath her straddling loins.

"Figured it out yet, Uncle Thad?"

"Not sure."

"Simple," Amy chuckled, raising her cunt all the way up her uncle's 
standing cock until her pussy lips snagged his cock head. "This time 
..."

She plunged back down, taking Thad's breath away with the way her cunt 
recaptured his cock to the root and her ass slapped into the saddle of 
his jolted crotch.

"Yes! This time, Uncle Thad," she crowed, "I'm fucking you!"

"Jesus Christ, I must be dreaming this," Thad muttered. "Up till a half 
an hour ago I thought you were still a virgin. Now this!"

Thad flinched, afraid she'd slap him the way he'd done to her when he 
was coming on strong. But Amy just laughed and told him that no, when a 
girl fucked a guy she had her own brand of fun and games.

"Like this," she then said.

Amy lifted up her uncle's shirt. He had a very hairy chest, his stunted 
male nipples surrounded by matted curls. Amy took handfuls of that male 
wire and tugged it at the roots, pulling at her uncle's nipples so they 
temporarily resembled a woman's plump buds. Then she twisted them 
around double, until Thad groaned aloud.

"Can you feel it in your cock and balls?" Amy gleefully asked. "The way 
we can feel it in our cunts when you do stuff to our titties?"

"God, I can ... I think I do!" Thad gasped in wonder, his crotch 
bouncing a delighted Amy from its thrust.

"Mmmmm, so far, so good," she lilted. "Now let's try this next. See if 
it works on your cock and balls, too. Know it sure does on my pussy."

Her hand left her uncle's nipples and reached down beneath the tangle 
of loins. His butt had muscular cheeks that seemed permanently clenched 
so the crack between them was a tight fit. But, of course, his asshole 
was a far more extreme proposition. It was almost an opening that 
wasn't there but somehow, Amy simultaneously forced a finger from each 
hand inside this narrowest of male channels.

"If You don't feel this in your cock and balls," Amy giggled, gouging 
the stubborn but stretching rear tunnel, "You're not human."

"Oh, You bitch! You damned bitch! You devil of a bitch," Thad croaked. 
"Who turned you into such a damned devil of a bitch?"

"Like to take all the credit for it myself," Amy answered. "But I gotta 
admit that, fact is, it runs in the family."

Hearing that, Thad flinched, not from the fingers in his ass this time 
but from his niece's strong hint that she was following in her mother's 
footsteps. Just how much, Thad had to seriously wonder, did Amy 
actually know?

She snickered. "Oh, Uncle Thad, reading your mind is so easy it might 
as well be on television."

"Wh--what do you see?"

"An old saying ..." Amy smirked. "You know the one ... Like mother like 
daughter."

Thad tried to hold out from admitting anything. "Okay, so you already 
told me you think she's a whore. Well, if that's right, then guess I'll 
have to take Your word for it."

"Take my word for it? Bullshit! Come off it, Uncle Thad, you can't 
weasel out of this one."

What could Thad do but, like a moth drawn to a flame, fly into the 
truth?

"Y--you know then, don't you? You didn't just hear your mother fucking 
the other night--you saw her fucking m--me."

"And now," Amy admitted, "I'm gonna fuck you even better. And don't 
worry about mom being jealous. She'll be proud as hell of me."

"She knows you're here, doesn't she?"

Amy readily nodded. "Just doesn't know I'm fucking you. Can't wait to 
tell her, though."

Then, once again, Amy's teenaged cunt began to rise and fall on her 
uncle's cock. Thad was helpless to do anything but just get fucked. 
There was no twisting of his nipples now, nor any fingers up his 
asshole. There was just the tight, young pussy working its sliding 
magic on his captive hard-on.

"You fuck just like her," Thad groaned. "Fuck just like your mother."

"No, Uncle Thad," Amy countered. "I won't be satisfied until you tell 
me I'm an even better piece of ass than mom is. Don't worry, she'll 
understand when she hears about it. She pulled the same kind of number 
on my brother Stevie when she fucked him after I took his cherry."

Amy's squashing cunt pumped up and down even faster now on her uncle's 
cock. Breathless as he writhed on his back, Thad could only have one 
response to being fucked so expertly.

"Gonna come!" he panted.

"Mmmmm, I know. And believe me, I'm ready for it, stud," Amy called 
down.

Thad expected her to fuck her pussy all the way down to his prick's 
root so she could take his creamy load to the spasming core of her 
womb. But, instead, Amy's crotch went surprisingly in the other 
direction. Instead, by the time Thad's cock erupted it was clear of her 
cunt, spurting in midair.

But not for long.

Down Amy now traveled again, but this time her hips were tipped at a 
different angle, her asscheeks flaring. Holding her uncle's gushing 
prick upright, she guided its creamy head into the target less than an 
inch below her cunt. Then she sat down hard on it so Thad's ten-plus 
inches were driven up into her tightest opening like a sharp stake.

"Yes, Uncle Thad!" Amy squealed with joy. "I love it up the butt! Just 
love cock and cum filling up my hot, horny asshole!"

The jizz she was taking greased her shitpit so she rose and fell on her 
uncle's big cock the same she had when it was in her cunt. And she 
wasn't about to stop fucking just because Thad's climax had soon slowed 
to a dribble. Keeping him hard for her was Amy's goal and the sliding 
noose of her asshole was perfect for the task.

"Can't remember when I kept a hard-on this long," Thad moaned in 
wonder.

"Not even for my mom?"

"What do you want me to say?"

"You know."

"Okay, you win," Thad sighed. "You're the best, little girl. The best 
piece of ass in the family."

"Then prove you mean it."

"H--how?"

"Come for me all over again," Amy demanded.

"But I already just did. I'm a man not a machine, no matter what kind 
of piece of ass you are."

"Then I guess I'll just have to make you deliver on my own," Amy 
snapped. "After all, if I'm really the best, then I ought to be able to 
get cum out of your cock whenever I want to."

She then hilted her uncle's cock in her asshole and swiveled her hips 
for some cork-screwing friction. Thad began to sound like he was being 
tortured. But then, at the peak of his apparent misery, a sudden moan 
of raw pleasure erased what had gone on before.

"You know what it is, don't you?" he gasped.

"Mmmm-hmmmm," Amy triumphantly replied. "Come, stud, come again for me 
now!"

Then it was time for her to surprise her uncle yet again. With his cock 
primed to explode once more, she abruptly jerked her ass all the way up 
beyond it. And, for the second wad in a row, it shot in midair.

But, for the second time in a row, not for long.

Amy sat back down so her pussy was on the receiving end of her uncle's 
cock. And now it was swamped with the jizz that it had missed out on 
before. And this time, now that he'd come in both of her fuck-holes, 
Thad didn't have to be asked to tell Amy what she wanted and so 
deserved to hear.

"You're the best, little girl! No, ooooooh, contest!"



Chapter 7


They were sitting there, mother and daughter, filling each other in on 
the juicy details of their most recent sucking and fucking. And now Amy 
had some bragging that she just couldn't resist doing.

With a twinkle in her eye, she said, "Hope this doesn't hurt your 
feelings, Mom. But when I got it on with Uncle Thad, he said I was the 
best piece of ass in the family."

"In the family?" Julia Winslow answered, her eyebrows shooting up. "You 
mean that your uncle found out you know he's been fucking me too? You 
told him that?"

"Well, sure, didn't you tell Stevie that you were on to me and him?"Amy 
defensively said. "I just naturally thought it was all right to tell 
Uncle Thad everything."

"Certainly not!" Julia snapped. "That wasn't part of our agreement."

"But what's the matter with everybody knowing who everybody else is 
fucking?" Amy asked. "I mean, why shouldn't Stevie and Uncle Thad know 
as much as we do?"

"Because," Julia said sternly, they're men. And if you give them an 
inch they'll take a mile."

"But since we've each fucked them both, why hide it, Mom?" Amy said, 
frustrated by her mother's logic. "That's a lot more than an inch."

"Oh, do you have a lot to learn, young lady," Julia countered. "Fucking 
men's the easiest part. They can always get it up for your pussy. But 
the trick is to keep them guessing after that."

"Gee, Amy sighed, I thought the trick was to keep them coming back for 
more."

"Anybody with a pussy between her legs can do that," Julia said. "So 
why shouldn't she have it on her own terms by keeping anybody with a 
cock between his legs guessing?"

At this point, Amy couldn't help being irritated at her mother for 
acting so superior. And the temptation to put her in her place was too 
strong to ignore.

"Your own terms, Mom?" Amy scoffed. "Then how come you're divorced from 
daddy if you're so great with men?"

"I could have your father crawling back to me anytime I wanted," Julia 
shot back, her temper flaring. "I dumped him because he was just in my 
way. More like an old piece of furniture than a man. I didn't lose him, 
I threw him away."

"So you could have Uncle Thad, right, Mom?" Amy knowingly said. "He 
dumped his wife and you dumped daddy so you could fuck each other 
without anybody in the way."

Julia stood her ground. "What of it?"

"Oh, really, Mom, how dumb do you think I am?" Amy needled. "I know 
exactly what you're afraid of. Now that Uncle Thad told me I'm the best 
piece of ass in the family, you're scared to death that I'll steal him 
away from you. That 'cause I spilled the beans to him about everything 
he has an excuse to dump you for me and let Stevie have you."

Julia's face turned ashen. "Yes ... it's true. I didn't completely 
realize it myself until you spelled it out for me. Fact is, I'm acting 
just like a stupid, silly, jealous bitch."

Turning immediately sympathetic in the face of her mother's honesty, 
Amy said, "But, Mom, don't you see that it doesn't have to be that way? 
You don't need to be jealous of me for giving Uncle Thad a super piece 
of ass any more than I'm jealous of you for putting out so great for 
Stevie. We're a team, Mom! If we work together, it means twice as much 
sucking and fucking for each of us."

"Well," Julia sighed, "I don't want to lose Thad--but I'd like to keep 
fucking Stevie too. If only I could just be sure it would work between 
all four of us, I'd be the happiest woman in the world."

"Then it all has to be where it belongs--right out in the open," Amy 
stated. "The four of us are all in this together so the sooner we get 
it settled, the better."

"When?"

"Tomorrow night."

"How?"

"You're giving a dinner party, Mom. A little family, uh, get-together. 
But you don't need to worry about spending any time over a hot stove."

"Mmmmm, I'm getting the idea, but tell me anyway."

"Because, Mom, the main course'll be pussy and cock!"

*   *   *

Her Uncle Thad was no sooner through the door than Amy took him aside. 
"I'm so glad you're here," she whispered in his ear. "So horny. Pretend 
you're going to the john as soon as you can and I'll be waiting in my 
room to suck your cock."

The bulge at Thad's crotch was immediate. He nodded to his niece, then 
she scampered away as he turned his attention to his sister, who'd just 
walked in to greet him.

"We'll be eating in a little while, Thad,' Julia said. "Hope you're 
hungry."

Thad sniffed the air, knowing that his sister was almost as good in the 
kitchen as she was in bed. But no particular aroma drifted his way.

"I must be getting a cold," he said. "Don't smell anything cooking."

"Oh, I'm cooking, all right! Julia smirked. Then she whispered in her 
brother's ear, "If you want to find out what's really on the fire, it 
isn't in the kitchen. And I'm too hungry to wait to sit down and at the 
table. Meet me in my room and you'll find out what I mean."

When Julia skittered away, Thad didn't know what he should do. Too much 
of a good thing, that's what he feared it was. The idea of his sister 
and niece waiting for his cock next door to each other left him feeling 
like an amateur juggler who was in over his head.

Then, while deep in thought, he was interrupted by the appearance of 
his nephew Stevie.

"Hi, Uncle Thad! Hope you don't mind me saying so, but you look like 
you've got problems.

In a snap decision, Thad decided to level with the boy. "Is it true 
what I've heard about you and your mom and sis, Stevie?"

Taken by surprise, Stevie blushed. "I--I dunno what you mean."

"You don't have to lie to me, son," Thad said, calm on the outside but 
probably just as much in inner turmoil as his nephew. "Fact is, I'm in 
the same boat."

"Y--you mean?"

"Yes, son, I fucked them both, too," Thad stated, point-blank.

"S--so?" Stevie gulped, wary hardly the word for his frightened 
response.

"We've got to help each other, that's what."

"H--how?"

"Okay, kid, if you wanna get laid right now at the same time we put 
your mom and sis in their places for playing us off, against each 
other," Thad bluntly told his nephew. "Just listen ..."

*   *   *

"Come in," Amy said musically, answering the soft knock on her door. 
"I'm ready."

Her uncle, as she expected, slipped inside. But his greeting was most 
unexpected.

"I brought a friend," he said.

Stevie nervously joined his uncle. Amy, however, didn't even blink.

"Mmmmm she chuckled, "looks like you two studs've been comparing notes. 
What am I supposed to do, suck both your cocks?"

"You don't have any other choice," Thad said forcefully.

"That a threat or a promise?" Amy teased.

"A fact."

"Then," Amy purred as she glided toward her uncle and brother, "let's 
get busy."

Quickly, she'd knelt before Thad and Stevie. Not having anticipated 
it'd be this easy to press Amy into double-duty, the men looked at one 
another with surprise as she unzipped both of their flies. Indeed, 
they'd been caught so off-balance that neither had a hard-on.

"Well," Amy chuckled, "looks like yours truly has her work cut out for 
her."

She whipped out her tongue. It dripped with spit as it lapped up under 
one set of balls, delivering them to her mouth for some brief but 
intense suction. Then she repeated the process with the other pair of 
nuts with slurping, moist precision.

"Ahhh, now we'bre getting someplace," she then sighed, seeing that the 
cocks of her uncle and brother were definitely on the rise. "Guess the 
same question is on all of our minds, huh? Can little Amy really suck 
two cocks at the same time?"

Tilting her head, she surveyed the male crotches before her with a 
calculating glint in her eye.

"Okay," she said, "Stevie, move forward about half an step. Don't get 
your feelings hurt, but your cock's a lot shorter than Uncle Thad's 
monster cock. I need to get the heads lined up together.

Stevie self-consciously edged forward.

"That's it, that's what I'm after," Amy lilted. "Now just relax, 
fellas, and enjoy yourselves.

Then Amy put her fingers at the sides of her mouth, tugging at the 
corners to open it like a miniature cavern. As if she were a child 
making a face, her lips were drawn back to get a sucking grasp on both 
cockheads at once.

"Wow, she's going to do it!" Stevie gulped in awe, his sister's cock-
sucking making him forget about being hung so much less than his uncle. 
"Nothing's too much for Amy!"

"Same as somebody else," Thad said to his nephew. "Your mom. And 
something tells me that she's not just waiting down the hall. Something 
tells me that you and I, kid, we just walked right into a set-up. That 
us getting together was the idea all along, before we ever thought of 
it ourselves."

"Congratulations, Brother Dear," Julia Winslow laughed from the 
doorway. "You figured it out even faster than Amy and I thought you 
would. Sorry we had to trick you, but you and Stevie needed to think 
you were pulling one on us so we could get you where, we want you. 
After all, an orgy is tricky business--especially a family orgy."

"Then," Stevie gulped to his mother, "the four of us are gonna ..."

Julia nodded. "Suck and fuck like there's no tomorrow." Then she 
snickered. "Well, at least all night long. If we do last until 
tomorrow, well, we just might start in all over again."

"So," Stevie asked, "you're ..."

"Ready to jump in now?" Julia asked him back.

He nodded.

"Mmmm, I'm sure as hell horny enough for it," Julia sighed. "But I can 
wait a little while longer. Fact is, I'm just as curious as you and 
your uncle are about whether our little Amy can really suck both your 
cocks off at the same time."

"Well, there won't be that long a wait from my end," Thad reported.

"Same here," Stevie added.

"Amy?" Julia said to her cock-sucking daughter. "You heard your uncle 
and brother. Their jizz is yours for the taking. So make me proud of 
you and get them coming in your mouth so you can swallow every drop."

In the spotlight, Amy reacted with flair. Taking a set of balls in each 
hand, she rhythmically squeezed them while increasing her suction on 
both cockheads with such intensity that spit drooled down her chin. And 
even with a mouthful of so much cockmeat, she still managed to display 
a jam-packed version of a just-watch-me smile.

"Oh, just look at her go for all that jizz!" Julia said, gushing with 
motherly pride. "C'mon, you bastards, come. Come together for my 
thirsty little girl!"

"Ahhhh!" Stevie moaned.

"Oooooooh!" Thad groaned.

"Mmmm, now she's getting it," Julia said excitedly, able to tell that 
the double-dose of cum was abruptly flowing because of the way her 
daughter's face swelled at the cheeks. "Amy, I know you can do it, 
drink all of it."

But, in fact, Amy made no attempt to swallow any of the jizz. None of 
it escaped, but, as her cheeks continued to balloon, none was gulped 
down either.

"What do you suppose she's up to now?" Julia wondered aloud. "Got to be 
something special. Amy'd be wolfing down that cum like her life 
depended on it unless she had something even better in mind.

Thad and Stevie were wondering too. "How do you figure it, Uncle Thad? 
Amy's holding our jizz right there in her mouth, not drinking any. It's 
like she's saving it, but what for?"

"We pull out and we'll find out," Thad suggested.

So they withdrew their sucked, drained pricks. As they did, Amy made 
sure that none of their cum dribbled away. Then she turned toward her 
mother, her cheeks full and stickily grinning from ear to ear. And with 
a wiggling finger, she beckoned Julia toward her.

"Why you little devil!" mother sighed, getting the unspoken message 
while Thad and Stevie remained in suspense.

"Mom knows," Stevie whispered to his uncle.

"Then, we will too," Thad predicted. "Those two are as horny for each 
other as they are for our cocks. Just look at 'em closing in on each 
other."

Sure enough, Amy and Julia rapidly closed the distance between them. 
They met in a passionate embrace. Then why Amy had not swallowed the 
cum became clear. So her mother could suck it out of her mouth with a 
slurping lesbian kiss.

"Jeez, I've never seen two chicks go at it before," Stevie panted as he 
watched them, some of the jizz trickling from their chins as it passed 
from mouth to mouth. "Got myself another hard-on already. How about 
you, Uncle Thad?"

"I'm just as human as you are, son."

"Then're we gonna use 'em, Uncle Thad? Stevie anxiously asked. "I mean, 
mom said it was supposed to be an orgy."

Thad didn't answer with words, he just led the way. All of a sudden 
he'd grabbed his sister, but that was just to move her out of the way. 
His niece was who he was after, as he ripped off her clothes so she was 
naked beneath him, the shadow of his jutting prick falling across her 
crotch.

Spread 'em for me, you little bitch! Thad hissed.

"Oh, Uncle Thad, you don't, have to get tough with me," Amy answered. 
"But don't let that stop you."

Thad said it wouldn't. Then he took ahold of his niece's legs and 
brutally yanked them apart.

"Then go for it, stud!"

Thad hooked Amy's legs over his shoulders, then drove them back as he 
hurled forward. His huge cock gored into her cunt.

"When you fuck me like this, it makes my pussy feel almost as tight as 
my asshole," gusted Amy.

"Then how about finding out for sure?"

That said, Thad tugged his prick from his niece's briefly fucked cunt 
and aimed it a notch lower.

"Oooooh, you magnificent bastard!" Amy squealed.

Thad's crotch lurched. Slippery with pussy juice, his cock barreled 
into his niece's shitpit to the hilt with a single surge.

"Arrgghh, I was wrong about my pussy being as tight for your big cock 
as my ass'd be," Amy groaned with pain, but hardly complaining. "Now it 
feels like you're splitting me in two. Hurts sooooo goooooood!"

"So'll this, you horny, little bitch," Thad vowed.

He clamped his, large hands on his niece's smallish but perfect tits, 
digging his nails into the spongy flesh.

"More! More!" Amy begged.

Her uncle wrenched her tits around almost double. At the same time his 
cock left her asshole, smeared with shit, and plunged back into her 
cunt for some filthy fucking there for the time being.

"Sooo dirty!" swooned Amy.

Thad's cock would now establish a pattern of fucking back and forth 
between her cunt and asshole. Her tits would be larger for days after 
this, because they would be so swollen from her uncle's mauling. And, 
most importantly to her, Amy had started coming, almost non-stop.

And watching it all in awe was Stevie. He'd intended to fuck his mother 
alongside his uncle and sister but their lusty fury had temporarily 
left him spellbound. His hesitation left Julia Winslow fidgeting with 
frustration.

"Stevie, darling," she finally told her son, panting with impatience, 
"when you fucked me before I let you do whatever you wanted to me. So 
if you want to treat me the way your uncle is your sister, here I am. 
See, I took all my clothes off for you. I'm ready for the absolute 
worst you can give me."

Stevie looked around at her. That's when she grabbed him, pulling him 
on top of her naked body.

"Your uncle's not the only bastard in this family," mother steamily 
told son. "Remember, you're my very own mother-fucking son of a bitch. 
Now prove it!"

"I--I wanna really hurt you, Mom," Stevie gulped in admission, asking 
for permission to brutalize his mother.

Julia couldn't have been more willing'. "That's what I'm here for!"

"Whatever I wanna do, Mom?"

"Anything! Please!"

Stevie looked down at his mother's hairy cunt as she spread her legs 
for him. That's where his hand abruptly went, grabbing a fistful of 
Julia's bush, pulling as hard as he could. The tugged roots made her 
pussy lips stretch like they might rip.

"Oh, yes, make me suffer, darling," Julia whimpered. "Make me suffer 
even better than your Uncle Thad's making your sister suffer. You can 
be the stud he is and more!"

By this point, Julia had Stevie convinced. Keeping his grip on her 
bush, he used his other hand to guide his cock toward her asshole. 
Then, after a hitting thrust, he was butt-fucking her--but with a cruel 
twist. He was yanking on her pussy hair, which meant her pussy lips 
twisted as well.

"Don't know how I can stand this!" Julia cried.

But she wasn't talking about the pain, she meant the pleasure. Orgasmic 
pleasure. For, her ass jack-hammered, her cunt in a knot, she had 
climaxed on the spot and wasn't about to stop.

"Welcome aboard, Mom!"Amy cried as she was fucked by her uncle. "We've 
got these studs right where we want them, huh?"

"Ooooh, baby," Julia swooned with agreement, "just like we planned!"



Chapter 8


With the night on its way to becoming an erotic merry-go-round of 
sucking and fucking, Amy and her family were discovering that with four 
bodies available almost anything was possible at an orgy. If ever there 
was a time to prove how low-down and dirty you could be, this was it. 
And if ever there was somebody ready to take advantage of such an 
opportunity, it was Amy.

Her mother and she had just been fucked twice apiece, switching 
partners for the second round so Thad and Stevie wound up fucking them 
both. This left their cunts and assholes dripping with jizz, seemingly 
primed for a lesbian sixty-nine. But Amy had other ideas.

"No, Mom," she said as her mother automatically approached her for some 
all-female sucking. "There's plenty of time for me and you later on. 
Right now, my pussy and ass are on a roll for cock."

"And what am I supposed to do while you're being so greedy?" Julia 
Winslow asked, mildly irritated.

"Just watch, Mom. You might learn something!" Amy sassed.

"I'll believe that when I see it," Julia huffed.

"Oh, you will, Mom. In fact, I guarantee it," Amy taunted.

For some reason, Amy enjoyed getting her mother's goat. She didn't know 
why she should want to, since they'd planned this orgy together and had 
been a team until this point. Maybe, Amy reasoned, it was just that 
sooner or later every girl had to prove that she had a mind as well as 
a body of her own. In any case, now that she'd forced the issue she had 
to go through with it for her own self-respect.

All eyes were on her as she matter-of-factly called to her brother, 
"Stevie, I want your cock hard for me again."

There was something about the way, she spoke that put instant steel 
back into Stevie's prick. Despite the fact that he'd just fucked twice, 
back to back, another teenaged hard-on sprang to attention at a jutting 
angle from his crotch.

"Good, boy! Just hold it right there," Amy said with approval, turning 
then toward her mother's hung brother. "Now you too, Uncle Thad. Get it 
up for me."

"Not as easy for me as for the boy, not after I've just fucked twice in 
a row," Thad hedged. "I'm no kid anymore."

"I said," Amy snapped, no nonsense in her tone, "get it up for me, 
Uncle Thad!"

Then she fixed her eyes on his dangling prick. The force of her gaze 
was erotically magnetic. For, as she stared, her uncle's cockmeat 
expanded inch by inch until all ten of them were in throbbing evidence.

"See, Uncle Thad? You're just as young as you think you are," Amy 
teased. "Especially when yours truly makes your cock start doing your 
thinking for you."

Now that she had a pair of hard-ons to work with, the rest of the 
family wondered what Amy would do with them. They could still only 
guess as she told her uncle to lie down on the bed.

"That's it," she said, "on your back. And hold your cock straight up. 
Jack it off a little to keep it stiff."

And, uneasy on the sidelines, Julia Winslow needled her daughter, 
"Since you're so much in charge, Amy, aren't you going to give your 
little brother your permission to jack off too?"

"Sure, Stevie, you can give yourself half a hand-job," Amy said, 
speaking directly to her brother, as if their mother wasn't there. 
"Just so long as it's enough to keep your cock hard but not enough for 
you to waste any cum."

"Thanks, Sis," Stevie answered, totally under Amy's spell.

He began stroking his six-inch hard-on to keep it fine-tuned, while, on 
the bed, his uncle had already rubbed his ten inches to a rosy glow. 
Amy glanced between them with satisfaction, then at her mother.

"Eat your heart out, mom, she jeered. "They're mine for now. Mine all 
mine to do whatever I please with them. But, don't worry, it's a long 
night ahead. You'll get your turn to copy me. And I'll even be cheering 
you on. After all, like they say, imitation's the sincerest form of 
flattery."

"You must be dreaming if you think you can teach me anything new about 
cocks," Julia Winslow countered, her face as red as Thad's and Stevie's 
hard-ons.

"Then it'll be the wettest dream any girl ever had," chuckled Amy. "And 
you get a ring-side seat, Mom. Just don't sit too close or you might 
get splashed."

"I'll take my chances," Julia snapped. "So far, though, I haven't seen 
you do anything but get your uncle and brother to jack off. When does 
the show start?"

"Curtain's going up," Amy promised. "Right fucking now!"

Amy joined her uncle on the bed. She Straddled him on her hands and 
knees, then crushed her tits against his hairy chest.

"Okay, so put it in me, Uncle Thad," she cooed in his ear, rubbing her 
nipples against his. "Your cock in my cunt. I'll spread open my pussy 
lips and you just fit the head of your prickmeat between them."

Reaching to her ass, Amy fingered the rims of her pussy apart from 
between her asscheeks. In response, Thad guided his chunky cock knob 
into the juicy gap, so his niece's pussy snagged it solidly enough to 
hold his prick shaft upright without him having to use his hand 
anymore.

"Now I'm sliding down," Amy purred, "like your cock's a slippery pole."

Julia could hear her daughter's wet pussy squish aloud as it plunged 
down Thad's standing hard-on. Amy took Thad to his balls and the way 
she landed, sitting on his crotch, her mother couldn't help but see the 
way her cunt was hilted with all that cockmeat.

"So you've got your pussy full of your uncle's ten inches," Julia 
Winslow said, trying not to be impressed. "You think I haven't fucked 
him the same way so many times I can't count them?

Of course you have, Mother Dear," Amy said saucily over her shoulder. 
"And you've taken Stevie's six inches up your ass, too. But you never 
did both at the same time like I'm gonna do now."

Then Amy pulled her asscheeks wide open. Swollen from the bulky 
presence of her uncle's huge cock in her nearby cunt, her asshole 
looked like a dusky jewel.

"Stevie," she called back to her brother, "don't think I need to tell 
you where I want your prick, now do I?"

"Right on, Sis, you got it!"

Stevie was instantly on the bed, lining up behind his sister. He nudged 
his cockhead against her asshole and she farted, opening the passage to 
let him in. He bucked his crotch on cue. And although he was hung with 
only six inches, he surged with such force that he knocked his uncle's 
much larger cock halfway out of Amy's pussy, a notch away.

"Now, guys," Amy said, after treating herself to a flash orgasm, 
"you've got to cooperate if you're gonna fuck my pussy and ass at the 
same time. When one of you shoves, the other has to pull out. You know, 
back and forth ... in and out ... like we're all parts of a machine."

"Sound okay to you, Uncle Thad?" Stevie asked.

"Whatever your sister says," Thad enthusiastically answered. "Neither 
of us'll ever do any better than this."

And, forgotten on the sidelines, Julia Winslow winced when she heard 
her brother tell her son, in so many words that Amy was the best. I'll 
change their minds before this night is over, Julia vowed to herself. 
But, in the meantime, she had to admit that her horny daughter was 
putting on quite a display.

Alternating thrusts in Amy's cunt and shit-pit, those two cocks looked 
like they ought to be ripping her to pieces. Amy's squeals, though, 
were expressions of total pleasure. The more brutally she was double-
fucked the more she came.

Then Amy looked toward her mother with a surprise.

"Guess what, Mom? Now that I've got all the cock I want, I'm starting 
to get a taste for something else. Sort of like the frosting on the 
cake, Mom. Like a mouthful of your hairy cunt to go along with Uncle 
Thad and Stevie fucking me. How about it?"

Julia started to huff that her daughter had a lot of nerve, asking for 
something like that after she'd taken all the cock for herself. 
However, Julia's cunt short-circuited her peevish response, making it 
clear with its anxious spasms that it was ready to forgive and forget 
in favor of getting eaten.

So instead of saying anything, Julia gave in to the yearning between 
her legs and was drawn to the waiting suction of her daughter's mouth. 
Leading, with her tongue, Amy orally dove into the slotted triangle of 
hair and pussy meat now before her and started expertly slurping.

"I've got it all, doing it all now," Amy gurgled with a faceful of cunt 
and an assful and pussyful of cock. "What a trip! Just watch me ride it 
out till the end."

Her goal at this point was clearly to make everyone come for her--her 
mother in her mouth, her brother up her butt, her uncle in her cunt. To 
accomplish this she sucked and fucked with everything she had, the 
muscles of her trio of openings in perpetual motion.

"Our cum's what the little girl's after now, Thad panted, his prick 
tugged and hauled by rising and falling teenage pussy.

"Well, she's sure as hell about to get mine!" Stevie gasped, Amy's 
asshole doing a non-stop jerking number on his prick. Then, across his 
sister's pumping body, he called, "What about you, Mom?"

"Yes," Julia answered, "I've got something nice 'n' wet for our little 
darling. My pussy's just this side of feeding her all she can drink."

"Then let's all do it together," Stevie suggested with boyish 
enthusiasm. "Okay, Mom ... Uncle Thad?"

"Why not?" Julia and her brother answered together.

Then all three crotches bucked. For the first time the cocks in Amy's 
cunt and ass were thrusting into her together instead of taking turns, 
their heads colliding at her depths through the thin wall separating 
her fucked pair of holes. And at her mouth her mother's pussy surged, 
halfway to her throat it seemed.

"Now!" Thad shouted, giving the signal for the coming to start. Then he 
moaned as his erupting prick began swamping his niece's cunt with a 
torrent of jizz.

"All right, Uncle Thad, I'm shooting it right along with you!" Stevie 
gusted, teenaged cream spurting from his hilted prick up the chute of 
his sister's fucked butt. "Drowning Amy's ass at the same time you come 
in her pussy. All that's left is for mom to let go in sis's mouth ..."

"Mmm-hmmm," Julia grunted, straining from within. "I'm doing it--
wettest and the most of anybody."

Julia's cunt had just exploded with liquid fury in her daughter's 
mouth, with far more of a flood than just a female orgasm could 
produce. She was coming all right, but that was just part of it. For 
her pussy could not have achieved this gushing force unless she was 
also ...

"Pissing!" Julia declared for the benefit of her brother and son. 
"That's right, I'm pissing and coming in the little bitch's mouth!"

If she meant to humiliate her daughter, though, Julia hadn't succeeded. 
For Amy was guzzling down the cum-flavored piss as fast as it poured 
from her mother's cunt.

Julia, however, was only getting started, as it became clear that her 
intention indeed was to put Amy in her place. Now she pulled her 
dribbling cunt away from her slobbering daughter and went after what 
she needed to prove that she was the number one piece of ass in the 
family--cock!

"Okay, you guys, she snapped at Thad and Stevie, who'd pulled out of 
Amy, their dripping cocks at half-mast. "Amy warmed things up, but now 
I'm ready to set this orgy on fire."

But Thad and Stevie hedged, not so sure at this point they could get it 
up for any-thing or anybody after the way they'd just sapped their 
balls fucking Amy. But Julia was too determined to let them off the 
hook.

"So you fucked Amy in her pussy and ass," she called to her brother and 
son. "And you probably think what I want is the same thing. Well, think 
again. I'm fucking both your cocks at the same time an even better way-
-my way!"

She went over to Stevie. Took him to the middle of the room, her hands 
on his shoulders, and forced him down to the floor. Then she straddled 
him on all fours, the same way Amy had started out. But there was 
definitely an air of the unexpected in the room as Julia rubbed her 
son's cock and balls with her hairy crotch until a fresh supply of 
blood was forced between his legs and he had another hard-on, almost in 
spite of himself.

"That's my boy," Julia said, slipping Stevie's revived cock into her 
cunt. "Okay, Thad, now it's your turn to get it up and stick it in me."

Thad remained uncertain he could perform so soon after having shot his 
wad. But then Julia played her ace.

She didn't say anything for the moment, she didn't have to. For what 
she now wordlessly did spoke loud and clear about how she wanted to be 
double-fucked. But not with a cock in either hole as her daughter had 
done, that was old stuff now. But what about both cocks in the same 
fuck-hole? Julia spread the hair rims of her target from the rear, 
creating plenty of extra space for Thad, despite the fact that Stevie's 
cock was already in place.

"God, Sis, are you serious?" Thad gulped, his ten inches of cockmeat 
twanging into instant attention. "Really want us both ..."

"Fuck my cunt!" Julia shouted.

"Well, it's your pussy, Sis. And I'd be a damned liar if I said that my 
cock isn't ready to try it."

So Thad lined up behind Julia. He nudged his cockhead into her expanded 
pussy so it pressed against Stevie's smaller cock. It turned out that 
Julia could take most of her son's compact prick and almost half of her 
hung brother's long, thick cock. And when she had them securely locked 
within her, her hips began to roll in the classic fucking motion, the 
friction of two pricks in the same cunt spectacularly grabbing hold.

"Ooooh, I'm coming already!" Julia groaned. "Twice as much as I ever 
have before this soon during a fuck. But it's only gonna get better ... 
better 'cause, God, I've never been so fucked in my life!"

And as her mother triumphantly came, Amy looked on from afar. "Just 
can't ever-sell mom short, that's all there is to it. She's never gonna 
let me or anybody else out fuck her," she giggled.

This observation gave Amy pause to wonder about the future. For 
although her mother and she could work as a team up to a point, it 
seemed that there would always be this undercurrent of rivalry between 
them.

"It isn't just mom's fault, either," Amy had to admit. "I'm just as 
guilty as she is. In fact, I'm the one who started it tonight after 
we'd been working so well together to set up Uncle Thad and Stevie in 
the first place."

So maybe, Amy reluctantly reasoned, the time was not so far off when 
she'd have to break off on her own to get out from under her mother's 
shadow. The only problem with that, though, was that she'd become so 
used to incest that she couldn't imagine fucking anybody outside the 
family.

"Oh, well, there's always plenty of time to think about it later," she 
finally sighed, putting off making any decisions until after tonight. 
"This is my first orgy and that's the main thing for the time being."

So Amy temporarily forgot about her differences with her mother and 
moved to plug herself back into the action where she belonged on this 
night of nights. And getting her pussy sucked was the obvious way to do 
it.

"Well, baby," Julia Winslow smirked when her daughter's crotch appeared 
in front of her, "I see you decided to finally come back around. Got 
you a little jealous, huh?"

"Main thing, though, is that down deep I always knew you were the best, 
Mom," Amy lied to make peace. "Sorry I was such a brat. From here on in 
I'm just here to have a good time, not to try and prove anything else. 
That's a promise, Mom."

Then, showing her sincerity, Amy crushed her cunt against her mother's 
mouth to get herself sucked. Julia Winslow responded with plenty of 
snaking tongue and rhythmic slurping. And all was right for the time 
being between mother and daughter.

The orgy went on from there until dawn found the cum-sucked bodies of 
the exhausted foursome sprawled around the steamy bedroom, limp from an 
overdose of raw sex. Every way two females and two males could suck and 
fuck had been tried, most of them more than once. It had been quite a 
night.

But, as the rising sun peeked through the window, one of the thoroughly 
fucked family members was as much concerned with the future as the 
others were dreamily savoring the last several hours--Amy. She was the 
only one stirring, propped on her elbows as she looked around the scene 
of the orgy.

"Could I leave all this behind?" she asked herself. "Super as it was, 
is there something more waiting for me somewhere? And will I know it 
when it comes along?"

Wait and see, that was the only thing she could do, Amy realized. She 
wistfully sighed, reaching to one side to roll the nearest male body 
over toward her.

It was her brother. Amy started sucking his cock until he was hard. 
Then she straddled his crotch and woke Stevie up by fucking him. Their 
mother and uncle opened their eyes during the middle of it and joined 
in so the new day began the same as the previous night had ended.



Chapter 9


The phone call had come out of the blue. When Amy had answered it, 
she'd thought it was probably her Uncle Thad. Instead, she'd found 
herself speaking to a member of the family whom she'd almost forgotten 
existed.

"Know who this is, princess?" he asked.

"D--daddy!" Amy stammered, automatically lowering her voice so her 
mother wouldn't overhear. "When did you get back in town. It's been--"

"I know, three years--since the divorce," Vic Winslow sighed. "Guess I 
haven't been a father at all to you since then, but I'm ready to start 
making it up to you, honey. Could we get together?"

"Don't know how mom'd like that," Amy muttered.

"Please, baby? This is important to me. I'm finally starting to get 
myself back together, but it won't mean much if I can't see my little 
girl. You were always so special to me."

Her father's sincerity made it impossible for Amy to turn him down. So 
she'd agreed to meet him the next day after school at the motel where 
he was staying. And after she'd hung up, her mother asked her who'd 
called. Amy lied, saying that it was just somebody trying to sell 
something.

That had been last night and now it was the afternoon of the following 
day. School was out, with Amy on her way to secretly meet her father. 
As she rode the bus to his motel, she thought about how he'd so 
abruptly disappeared from her life after the divorce. Just some 
Christmas and birthday cards, that's all she'd heard from him since 
then.

She'd missed him a lot when he first left, but time had seemed to heal 
the wounds of his absence. Now, though, her fond memories of him 
swirled in her head. She had always been his favorite and she could 
always wrap him around her little finger.

I can't blame mom for wanting to fuck Uncle Thad, Amy thought as the 
bus jogged along. But she should've treated daddy better than she did. 
Like she told me herself--just threw him away like a piece of old 
furniture. No wonder he started drinking so much and just hit the road.

Then Amy looked up and saw that it was her stop. She got off the bus 
and walked the half-block to the motel where her father was staying. 
She was surprised to see that it was such an expensive one. And when 
she found the right room, there was a sleek new car parked in front of 
it.

At the door, she braced herself. "Well, this is it. Hope it works out."

She knocked. The door opened. And there he was, looking great. He was 
not the beaten man he'd been after the divorce, but a handsome six-
footer in his prime.

"Oh, baby," he said to Amy, grabbing her in his arms almost like they 
were long-lost lovers instead of father and daughter.

He kissed her, on the mouth, hard. And, in his embrace, Amy suddenly 
felt something for him that she never had before. She couldn't help it, 
the kind of feeling that went straight to her excitable, young pussy.

"Daddy is this really you?" she gasped when the lingering kiss was 
finally broken. "You sure seem like you've been doing all right. Like 
your old self--only even better. Is that your new car outside?

"I've had some luck," Vic Winslow modestly said. "A lot of it, in fact, 
since I quit drinking a couple of years ago. You remember those gadgets 
I used to putter around with in the garage? Well, I went to this outfit 
with some of my ideas, they gave me a shot, and now I'm vice-president 
in charge of research and development!"

"Gee, that's fabulous, daddy, I'm so happy for you." "Bet the women are 
crawling all over you, huh? Big executive type like you are?"

Again modest, Vic Winslow answered, "I do all right. But let's talk 
about you, princess. You're almost a woman yourself now, aren't you? A 
real heart-breaker too, I'll bet. The boys must be standing in line for 
you."

"Well, uh," Amy self-consciously murmured, noticing the way her father 
almost seemed to be undressing her with his eyes, "I guess you could 
say I'm doing all right myself."

"Those boys, though," Vic said with fatherly concern after studying Amy 
some more, "they're not ... you're not ... no funny business, is there, 
baby?"

Amy flinched as she realized that he must want to know if she was still 
cherry. This, along with the way he kept looking at her, put pins and 
needles in her cunt.

"Well? You didn't answer my question," he persisted.

"Uh, aren't you getting kinda personal, Daddy?" Amy gulped.

"I'm your father," Vic said. "Have a right to know if my little girl is 
still a good girl."

"But like you told me before, I'm not just a little girl anymore," Amy 
answered.

"Then?" her father anxiously asked.

"Just what you're thinking, Daddy," Amy sighed, deciding to take a 
stand. "No, I'm not a virgin anymore."

"And?"

"My God, Daddy, what do you want me to do, give you all the details?" 
Amy blurted out in frustration. "Maybe I'd better go."

"No ... please don't leave, honey," Vic said. "I'm sorry I got out of 
line. Just that it's so hard for me to think of you ... that way."

But, as she looked down to avoid his accusing gaze, Amy saw that her 
father was a liar. It wasn't hard for him to picture her getting fucked 
at all. Unless, that is, it had to do with the kind of "hard" that was 
bulging at his crotch.

And now as she noticed the telltale mound below his belt, Amy was 
reminded of the effect on her pussy when her father had hugged and 
kissed her. A feeling that had distracted her ever since. Could 
something be happening between them that was the same as with the other 
members of her family?

"Daddy," she heard herself say, "please don't think I'm just another 
cheap tramp. A guy has to be somebody really special for me to ..."

"Yes?"

"Fuck him," Amy dared to reveal, staring as she did directly at her 
father's swollen crotch.

"H--how special, princess?"

"Someone I love," Amy panted, feeling pussy juice trickle down her 
inner thighs. "Daddy ... the way I love you. Love you ... like this, 
Daddy."

She had made her decision. She knelt before him. Her father just stood 
there in a kind of trance as she unzipped his fly.

"Stop me if this isn't what you want, Daddy," she said as she reached 
into his pants for his cock.

"God help me, but I couldn't stop you now, princess, if my life 
depended on it," Vic Winslow breathlessly rasped.

Then Amy had grasped his rigid cock and pulled it out into the open, 
the cock that had originally spurted the cum into her mother's cunt to 
give her life. And as soon as Amy saw how her father was hung, her own 
cunt reacted with an immediate climax without even being touched.

"Ooooh, daddy, if ever there was that somebody special for me, you're 
him. I'm going to suck and fuck your beautiful, big cock better than 
it's ever been sucked and fucked before. Feel like I was born to suck 
and fuck you," Amy whispered.

She closed her soft lips around her father's chunky cockhead, then 
began slurping down the thick, long shaft. In turn, he put his hands on 
her head, guiding her suction. By the time she'd deep-throated him, his 
hips were rolling and he was fucking her in the mouth.

"Never thought anything like this'd ever happen," Vic Winslow moaned. 
"But I'd be a damned liar if I claimed I hadn't wished it somehow would 
some day. Ever since you were old enough to crawl up in my lap, angel, 
you've made your daddy's cock hard."

And hearing this, Amy just wished she'd known then what she knew now. 
Oh, she thought, what she'd give to be able to go back to when she was 
a little girl so she could play with daddy's stiff, throbbing cock. How 
huge it would have seemed in her tiny fingers then. But that was 
nothing compared to how it would have felt plunging down her throat or 
into her hairless cunt. But, thank God, better late than never. She'd 
make it up to both her father and herself now.

"It took a while," she said, temporarily interrupting the blow-job, 
"but I'm finally what we both want me to be. I'm daddy's little cock-
sucker at last. And even more I make you come in my mouth and I've 
swallowed all your jizz."

"Then you're ready, sweetheart?" Vic Winslow anxiously replied. "Ready 
for your old dad to shoot it?"

Amy answered by deep-throating his big cock to his balls, which she 
squeezed to prime the pump. Her father's crotch ground against her 
face, then the creamy good were delivered in a spurting torrent.

Having expected plenty of cum, but not this much, Amy had to be at her 
thirstiest to gulp it down as fast as it gushed. But she was up to the 
task. She claimed every drop, including the dregs after her father's 
climax had slowed to a dribble and she milked his balls completely dry 
by nursing on the fat nipple of his oozing cockhead.

"Won't ask where you learned how to suck like that," Vic Winslow sighed 
when he was drained. "Don't want to spoil a blow-job that good by 
getting jealous."

"Daddy," Amy gurgled, releasing her mouthful of sticky meat, "it 
doesn't make any difference about the other cocks I've sucked. Believe 
me that if you'd let me go down on yours even when I was only a little 
kid, I'd have sucked you off as good and deep as I did now. Some things 
a girl's just born to do, that's all, no matter how young she is."

"Ah, maybe so. Just sorry I didn't do anything about it back then," Vic 
said. "You were such a pretty, little thing. In some ways you'll always 
be that age in my mind, baby, no matter how old you get."

Hearing her father fondly dwell on her girl-hood suddenly gave Amy an 
idea she couldn't resist. One of those things that was just far-out 
enough so it couldn't miss.

"Wait right here, Daddy," she excitedly said. "There's something I have 
to do."

Jumping up, Amy sighted the bathroom door and scampered there. Inside, 
she looked around and quickly found what she needed to carry out her 
kinky plan-her father's shaving kit. Stripping quickly, she then 
lathered her crotch and began scraping the razor across the patch of 
foam. By the time the suds were gone, her pussy was shaved as smooth as 
a baby's bottom.

Inspecting her bald cunt in the mirror, she noted, "Mmmmm, I look at 
least half my age. Except for my tits. But ..." She'd spotted one of 
her father's undershirts nearby. When she slipped it on it was more 
than baggy enough to conceal the rise of her tits and make her appear 
as flat-chested as a little girl.

"Talk about perfect!" she said, praising the youthful accuracy of her 
transformed appearance. "Damn, if I don't look like my own kid-sister."

"Amy, honey, what're you doing in there with yourself, anyway?" her 
father called.

"Close your eyes, Daddy," Amy called back. "And get set to have your 
mind blown."

Satisfied then that her father was playing along, Amy left the 
bathroom. She had closed the distance between him and her when she 
spoke again, reaching back in time to recapture a little girl's high-
pitched voice.

"You can look now, Daddy," she squeaked.

And, as her father opened his eyes, Amy lifted the t-shirt that fell 
below her waist. And there it was, a cunt so slickly smooth that it 
could have passed for being ten years younger than it really was.

"Jesus!" Vic Winslow gasped. "Sweetest thing I've ever seen!"

"Not as sweet as it tastes, Daddy," lilted Amy.

Then she cradled her father's head in her hands and he dropped to his 
knees. From there Amy brought his face flush with her bald cunt. The 
lips of his mouth sealed her pussy lips, and his tongue shot like an 
oral hard-on within her juicy pussy.

"Mmmmmmmm, Daddy, it's super," Amy moaned, grinding her crotch against 
his features. "Hope it tastes as good to you as it feels to me."

Vic Winslow gurgled with agreement between his daughter's legs. Then he 
was quickly slobbering from the chin, as she came in his mouth.

"When I get started like this," Amy swooned, "just can't stop. Want my 
pussy to get wetter and wetter and ... oooh, I can't help myself, 
Daddy! Have to do more than just come in your mouth."

Wetter than simply a climax could make her pussy was right. For Amy had 
just pissed along with coming. And with the liquid gold pouring down 
his throat, Vic Winslow was even thirstier for her cunt's discharge 
than before, now that it was gushing instead of oozing.

"Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!" Amy squealed with runaway joy. "Suck, suck, 
suck! Suck all the coming piss out of my sloppy pussy! Yes, yes! And 
fuck me with your tongue at the same time. Make me so hot I can't stand 
it!"

Her bucking loins putting rubber bands in her legs, Amy lost her 
balance and slumped to the floor. Her father didn't miss a slurping 
tongue-thrust in her pussy, though, hunching over her crotch like he 
was trying to eat right through her.

"Told you I wouldn't be able to stand it, Daddy!"

But next she added that what she couldn't stand was just getting sucked 
when she was ready for something more than only a pussyful of her 
father's tongue.

"Cock ... cock ... cock," she rasped. "Your cock in my cunt, Daddy. 
Fuck me ... fuck me ... fuck me!

She'd spread her legs even farther apart. She'd fingered her hairless 
pussy lips wide open.

But her father not only didn't take the plunge right away, he stood up. 
Then he begin to strip, so he would be naked instead of just with his 
cock jutting from his open fly.

"This is more than just a quickie, princess. Least I hope it is," he 
said. "Wanna come at you with everything I've got. Not a stitch on and 
nothing held back. You get all of me, for better or worse. So you can 
make up your mind the first time I fuck you if this is how you want to 
be fucked from now on."

What, Amy wondered, could he me an? If he hadn't been her father, it 
would have almost been as if he were proposing to her. But she was far 
too horny at this point to wait for him to clear it up.

"Just fuck me, Daddy!" she said impatiently. "That's all that matters 
right now."

"Yeah!" Vic Winslow agreed that the time for action rather than words 
was at hand, his eyes and cock trained on his daughter's hairlessly 
yawning cunt.

And back down to his knees he dropped, bringing the head of his prick 
to the flaring oval of Amy's pussy lips. Then, after setting his hips, 
he bucked his crotch with all his strength. His cock became a dagger, 
stabbing to the hilt in the wound of his daughter's pussy. She pushed 
back in return, then wrapped her legs around his waist to rock him in 
the cradle of her thighs.

"Mmmmmm, it's only just started," Amy gusted, "but already I know as 
sure as your cock's in my cunt that this is the best fuck of my fife. 
Can't think of how anybody could fuck me any better than you are, 
Daddy!"

"Let me finish before you make up your mind," father answered daughter. 
"I want you to be absolutely positive."

"Have it your way, Daddy. I'm already sure but you won't catch me 
arguing with more of your hard, fucking cock in my cunt."

Vic poured it on, his hard-on tugging his daughter's pussy lips in and 
out of her cunt gash with its pumping strokes. Then he lifted up the 
baggy t-shirt she wore and gazed down on her tits.

"Ahhh, your cunt's like a little girl's, but your tits are as ripe as 
any woman's," Vic said with lusty approval. "Like you're half and half. 
Half little girl and half woman. Best of both for your old man."

"Oh, Daddy, you say all the right things," Amy sang out. "So suck 'em. 
Suck my big-girl titties while your cock fucks my little-girl pussy."

She pushed her mounds together, drawing the plump, pink nipples side by 
side. Her father was able to take them both in his mouth at the same 
time when he lowered his face, his suction sending vibrations straight 
between Amy's legs as always happened when something wonderful happened 
to her tits. But they weren't the only part of her hot, young body 
directly wired to her cunt. And she wanted it all.

"One place else you've got to do me, too, Daddy," Amy told her father. 
"Just a finger'll work. Straight up my asshole."

Vic reached down between the cheeks of her butt and probed her 
asspucker. He used not just one finger, though, but a pair, which were 
curled at the knuckles like the head of a cock.

"Oh, Daddy! Fantastic!" Amy cried. "It's like you're butt-fucking me 
with another cock to go along with the one already in my pussy! Now 
just feel me come!"

Her naked body bucked and writhed in an instant orgasmic frenzy. In 
response her father did it all to keep her climaxing, knuckle-fucking 
her asshole, chewing her tits--and, most of all, jack-hammering his 
huge cock in her tight, spasming cunt.

"Daddy, you have to come too, now, Amy demanded. "That's all there is 
to it! Make it perfect for me with the best cuntful of jizz I'll ever 
get!"

Her father had always given her what she asked for when he was in her 
life before, and now that he had returned he was no different. Only 
this time, instead of a new toy or a new dress, it was a spurting 
torrent of hot, thick cum.

"Daddy, I'm more sure than ever!" Amy cried with ecstasy as her cunt 
was swamped. "Nobody will ever be able to fuck me the way you can. Not-
-"

She was ready to name names. But her father stopped her.

"No!" Vic Winslow said. "I don't want to know about the others. If I 
can't have you all to myself, then I'm gone again. Forget about them or 
this is the last time you'll ever see me. Only time I'll ever fuck 
you."

"But, Daddy, I couldn't stand to lose you."

"Then choose--me or them. That's the way it has to be, princess."

"B--but ..."

"Leave with me now," father told daughter, his cock having spilled all 
of its cream, yet remaining rock-solid so it throbbed in her fucked 
cunt with every word he spoke. "I have all the money we need and nobody 
will know who you are once we're out of this town, in another state. 
Vic Winslow can have a pretty, young bride, can't he?

"Oh, Daddy, it sounds wonderful, except--"

Amy stopped short. She'd been about to ask what the rest of the family 
would think if she left home. But then she realized that a more golden 
opportunity would never come along to get out from under her mother's 
shadow--something she'd already known had to happen sooner or later 
anyway. And with her gone, her mother would be, able to fuck both 
Stevie and Uncle Thad without having to share their cocks anymore. 
Really, Amy thought, that would be the best thing for all concerned.

But this wasn't what finally made up Amy's mind. Nor was it simply her 
cunt doing her thinking for her now that it had been filled with her 
father's cock and cum. No, it was more than just the promise of sexual 
freedom in combination with the continued lure of incest.

So what made Amy's heart and pussy beat as one? What every girl waits 
for. The arrival of her most romantic fantasy-come-true-Mr. Right. And 
when he was your dad as well as your stud-service and knight in shining 
armor, you'd just bought a one-way ticket to heaven on earth.

Therefore, with no further doubt, Amy cried, "Yes, Daddy, yes! All I 
want is you as long as all you want is me! As soon as we're over the 
state line I'll call home and tell mom as much of the truth as she 
needs to know--that I've eloped with the man of my dreams!"

Within an hour they were on the road, on their way to a new life 
together. And although Amy felt like a bride on her honeymoon, there 
was no way she'd ever let herself forget that she was still her 
father's daughter. For any girl could find herself a husband, but to 
put your cunt's claim on daddy's cock made you ... well, who else but 
Amy Winslow!


The End
